Eric Rosenbaum: There's so many sackedins. I love it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm excited to have a default.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So our adventure today starts in the We now Sorry, Dad really quick! Do you minimize on role? Twenty! The names
Timothy Sackton: Oh, click on the little click on the settings Gear Lake, where it says my settings get very top, and then
Timothy Sackton: and then go to where it says, uh,
Timothy Sackton: Miss Nope,
Timothy Sackton: you know
Eric Rosenbaum: I couldn't figure this out. I was trying to do it.
Spirala: I had to do it for me a couple of weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: Wait! Where is I? I know he knows how
Eric Rosenbaum: it must achieve something
Eric Rosenbaum: not the best. They just they changed at all. It used to be.
Timothy Sackton: You'll see like personalization and display graphics, audio and video video
Timothy Sackton: click on audio and video, mm-hmm. There's two tabs. There's audio video chat, and there's video display,
Raven: click on video display and play our video avatar size change to names. All right. Got it? I did it there. Wow! That is so hidden.
Timothy Sackton: I know it's much better.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's like. Meets those giant boxes there. World. Twenty twenty needs to hire like four or a dozen ui designers to fix their website.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Too many back-end designers. Not enough. Ui engineers.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Our adventure today starts in the fey wild in the Court of Chance Weaver, the Prince of Luck.
Timothy Sackton: The court sat in the middle of an open field, surrounded by the doppled forest, lit by the warm afternoon light of a late summer day
Timothy Sackton: in all directions. There's people gambling, playing dice cards, laughing
Timothy Sackton: animatedly, betting on races of brightly colored lizards.
Timothy Sackton: Many of them are Fay, but some are small wing fairies, and there's the occasional satire. Other creature like Paragon, the rabbit folk.
Timothy Sackton: Um the you know, a cent are wandering at the edge of the crowd
Timothy Sackton: a band of sadder fiddlers keeps a lively tune, and in the center of Baba's activity there's an oasis of calm formal gardens which surround a grand palace,
Timothy Sackton: the lowest floor open to the air, and spiraling towers stretching above into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: This is the court, the inner palace, the sanctum of the Prince of Luck himself.
Timothy Sackton: The chance weaver is an ethereal, beautiful man, ageless, with bright green eyes, short blonde hair, and a thin silver circuit around his brow,
Timothy Sackton: and he looks up as two guests apparently expected.
Timothy Sackton: Um begin to approach through the gardens.
Timothy Sackton: So Raven and spiralled. You want to describe yourselves.
Raven: Um first. Yeah, I was gonna say the thing of uh just um
Raven: sort of saying mom. So.
Raven: Um
Raven: reven is a
Raven: call fake here, probably.
Raven: Um just slightly over six feet.
Raven: Um
Raven: uh no, like a parent um lineage, but uh, definitely not like a ferry or a fur creature, but definitely just some sort of fay um,
Eric Rosenbaum: because their entire body is
Raven: uh clothes. So they're wearing one white glove and one black glove that go all the way up to your to their elbows,
Raven: and then a long cloak. Um that's uh
Raven: decorated in white and black raven feathers.
Raven: Um that comes all the way down and like falls around their feet as they walk,
Raven: and um they're wearing strapped to their face a raven mask
Raven: I have covered in black and half covered in white feathers,
Raven: and a black and white feathered headdress
Raven: them that cover their face and hair,
Raven: and there is a small roots on their cloak. That
Raven: um book is an image of snowflakes resting on shield. That um is a symbol of the winter nights.
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. It's
Spirala: um
Spirala: berea is a petite fairy
Spirala: with hair that the sort of silvery bit streaked with rainbow colors.
Spirala: And um,
Spirala: although uh,
Spirala: she looks quite useful, the gaze of her eyes is is full of insight.
Spirala: She wears a cloak which flows such that it doesn't disrupt her wings or her flight, and a a pendant around her neck with a red gem, which coordinates elegantly with her fine attire and her signet ring.
Spirala: She has no visible weapons but of satchel and
Spirala: uh
Spirala: pouted her belt to carry her gear.
Raven: Um, Raven is also there is a shaved um short sword strapped there. Um, like waste.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry uh
Eric Rosenbaum: is is is is relative to a human or to a fit. In other words like oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: several inches high or several feet high,
Timothy Sackton: like dwarfs like like habit-sized not like not liberal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as you two approach the open-air audience chamber of the chance weaver. You look around and see the usual activity of a faint lord's lord's dwelling with one quite notable oddity.
Timothy Sackton: A dwarf
Timothy Sackton: take care, or do you like to describe yourself?
Eric Rosenbaum: Um!
Eric Rosenbaum: The rather out of place dwarf is addressed like a
Eric Rosenbaum: a traveler in long
um
Eric Rosenbaum: charcoal and dark red rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um! He has a
Eric Rosenbaum: and deep red
Eric Rosenbaum: hair and a richly braided beard. That's clearly something that he
Eric Rosenbaum: maintains. Unlike the slightly more tattered state of his clothing. Does it sound okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: As it seems it's a very, and it
Raven: uh no, I just not. Yeah, i'm fine. My,
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm. Good. Now
Eric Rosenbaum: I've had trouble with mine before. So um!
Eric Rosenbaum: And he uh is
Eric Rosenbaum: heavily encumbered with traveling gear. You you see, a pack with some things sticking out of it like
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah! Scroll cases and
Eric Rosenbaum: tools that might be used for things like stone and glass working.
Eric Rosenbaum: He has a
Eric Rosenbaum: ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: a pair of goggles around his neck that are made of purple gemstone,
Eric Rosenbaum: and I think he has a bear of excited dice in his hands. Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: that's where we left off. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you as you approach the chance weaver, he stands, and he greets you, motioning for Seeker to join, and then motioning for another fay that's been sort of standing in the corner. And
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: Kong, would you like to describe
Timothy Sackton: your character, Mika? So Mika saw as you walk over,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Nikosa is Mikasa. Is uh it's armored, carrying a a flowing um, very stylish and very cool. Um! A pink and purple cloak, with the embroidered flowers on it herself. Her own hair is a kind of a similar kind of pink and um
uh purple like long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's armored um with uh golds uh gold and reddish armor, and she's wielding a large show. What What do you call that? What would you call that Webinar like a clave, or a, or She's She's she's,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, walking walking over slowly with it very much it Asian features. If you're to put it to to a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a human, to earth and to earth. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like there,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go ahead as it make us are from attack on plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, not exactly like Nikki on attack, I talking because we guess I does not. I was talking about it does not have a purple or ping hair. But um! But this nicest uh um is is very beautiful. Um, but also looks like she could kick some serious, serious, as if she uh, if she so chose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so she walks forward with with an air of confidence and um and presence quiet presence quiet, but Debbie presence.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you all gathered together, the Chancellor speaks, turning first to Raven Andsbrella, saying,
Timothy Sackton: Well, Matt, my greetings to the light dancer,
Timothy Sackton: does the summer court still hold sway in shimmer song, And it's been some time since I ever had news, and a strange chance to see a winter night outside of the light dancer's realm.
Raven: Um
Raven: raven mal to stewa
Raven: small bow um, and say
Raven: uh the I believe the light domain, though it does right currently because it's like summer. Yeah.
Raven: The light still brains above. But
Raven: the
Raven: light dancer requested that a member of both parties be sent.
Timothy Sackton: I appreciate the aid, As you know,
Timothy Sackton: we're all here because the wild magic storm that grows on our border with shimmer song will soon threaten both our domains if it is not stopped
Timothy Sackton: my help, and the light dancer's hope is that we work together to find the cause of this disturbance.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker, Mikasa. You, too, have
Timothy Sackton: chosen your place in this journey through the favors it might grant you upon me
Timothy Sackton: the successful completion of this task,
Timothy Sackton: and we are honored to be joined by
Timothy Sackton: representatives of shimmer song.
Timothy Sackton: To do this you must journey to the crystal peaks and track the storm to its source,
Timothy Sackton: uncovering how to comment. From somewhere deep within the Crystal Mountain itself.
Timothy Sackton: I wish you lock on this journey,
Timothy Sackton: and I leave you with the blessing of fortune. He like blows, each of you a kiss, and you each get inspiration which you can mark on your character sheet and use to grant yourself advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Before any rule you can use it Once, then it's gone,
Timothy Sackton: and we'll also play tonight with the role that if you roll a natural twenty, you get inspiration back.
Timothy Sackton: How do we mark the inspiration? There's
Timothy Sackton: there's like a little button in between speed and hit points that says inspiration. If you click on that turns into a little sun
Eric Rosenbaum: between hip points and walking with speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's Jewish, uh, but awesome. But how do we do it? Sorry it's between heel and damage and healing hit points. Yeah. And healing hit points. Yeah, between healing down and just just put a two hundred in there and it enter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just did that. Oh, that's the inspiration. Okay, Got it
Timothy Sackton: that i'll remind you. You have it. Um, and also seek. Or remember, you have your two dice. What i'm going to say actually is that they're d sixes. So each time any. If you roll a d six, either in game or out of game, you can choose
Timothy Sackton: what the number shows
Eric Rosenbaum: in game. We're out again. Yes, so like whenever you have all these, but only each one only works once
Eric Rosenbaum: before to his pouch. You notice, if you happen to be looking that he has just rolled a thirteen.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a low probability rule. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So um,
Timothy Sackton: you set out. I assume anything you want to do before you start out in the court. But my idea was you. Just you know you can talk to each other as you head towards the mountain, and then we'll start like the real adventure when you arrive like that. Nancy.
Raven: I um. Yeah, Ripen doesn't really want to
Raven: do anything in them
Raven: court.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well seeker is curious about.
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's anyone who could be considered an authority on the geology of the Faywell
Eric Rosenbaum: who might provide some insight into the workings of a crystal mountain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The geology of the Crystal Mountain.
Timothy Sackton: Huh! Um,
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: I mean the female doesn't really have geology in any sort of traditional sense. Um, as Rex.
Timothy Sackton: It has rocks.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: you know, asking around the court just kind of sort of making some casual inquiries about
Timothy Sackton: geology.
Timothy Sackton: People kind of laugh at you. They're sort of like,
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: There's not rocks and rocks and trees, and people are not so distinct in the fay, wild as they are outside the
Timothy Sackton: somebody points over to the raven as well as I mean. Look at Shimmers song. The
Timothy Sackton: topaz peaches grow on living trees, and
Timothy Sackton: delicious apples grow from
Timothy Sackton: stone bushes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as Mika says, walking on the path. She's kind of reaching her hand out, and just like kind of touching some of the greenery, and it's like all turning into into pink and purple flowers, like as she's like touching it. She's just sort of like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: casually like touching, and just
Timothy Sackton: right, and another a little Pixie flies over to seeker and sort of laughs at him as
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, You're
Timothy Sackton: your mind like tapping you. I'm tapping your head. Your mind is too fixed like, draws a little line, and like this little image of sort of green and blue kind of appears, and drips down off your face.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, dear, dear,
Eric Rosenbaum: the secret rummages around till he finds again the the massive tome, the lore of the favor of continuing all sorts of stories,
Eric Rosenbaum: contradictory
Eric Rosenbaum: as they may be, and pages through it, looking for shimmer songs
Eric Rosenbaum: on this thing at an index
Timothy Sackton: uh shimmer song is in there.
Timothy Sackton: It's described as a place of
Timothy Sackton: of light and darkness,
Timothy Sackton: with a
Timothy Sackton: king who
Timothy Sackton: um cannot make up his mind between
Timothy Sackton: the sun and the moon.
Raven: Um, i'll walk up and say i'm just like looking over his shoulder.
Raven: Um, I'm assuming we can like also like, speak common right there's no like
Raven: I will.
Raven: I can. I'm just gonna like. Walk up. I'll like, Look over her shoulder and see what he's reading.
Raven: And also,
Raven: you know,
Raven: two members of the part of your
Raven: This group are from shimmer song you could just ask about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: How wonderful that's! That's our full information.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just curious about how all of this works. It's a very strange place you go compared to where I come from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah!
Eric Rosenbaum: And where I come from. I'm very interested in
Eric Rosenbaum: what perhaps might seem mundane to you. But the workings of
Eric Rosenbaum: the earth
Eric Rosenbaum: and movements of stone over millennia, and what lies beneath,
Eric Rosenbaum: and what makes it all work,
Eric Rosenbaum: and this crystal? Not that we're going to
Eric Rosenbaum: fascinating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you you! I think you. You misunderstand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the workings over millennia.
Eric Rosenbaum: You need.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You act as though the Crystal Mountain has not always ever been here, but also is always subject to change.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get the sense that the things around here are somewhat so pretty, and perhaps that time and space don't even quite work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your questions are just strange, dwarf. You ask strange questions. Yeah, you're pretty weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we'll have to find some sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: a common language to get by. What is it even that we're looking for? I suppose we know the direction that we're heading? Is that even the case? Which way did we go to get to this crystal? Not
Timothy Sackton: I mean Sprea and Raven. You know the way you've kind of passed it.
Spirala: We We we traveled fast it on the way here, as it as the Lord of Chance said, it is in between our realm and and his.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what if this storm of wild magic. What What have you heard about that?
Raven: What have we did? Is there anything like in particular? Lord Egon knew about it?
Raven: Um, right? Yeah, you don
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so only that it's been growing, and that
Timothy Sackton: it's been growing out from the Crystal Mountain.
Timothy Sackton: The rumor is that it's caused by something
Timothy Sackton: inside the mountain.
Raven: Well, it's been growing out.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, so i'm not sorry. Let me just as it grows. It's been
Timothy Sackton: um like mists have been springing up in the landscape, and
Timothy Sackton: even the fay sometimes get lost,
Timothy Sackton: and it's
Timothy Sackton: the fear, and as it spreads it's caused
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: almost a
Timothy Sackton: a a a kind of chilling of the land to a certain extent right like it's
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The egon sees it as egon's. Fear is that it's permanent winter.
Timothy Sackton: If that spreads
Timothy Sackton: and he wouldn't be able to change anymore, right? Exactly
Raven: from all. I'll just relay um. Well, the uh it comes from the
Raven: mountain. I i'll, i'll basically just well, i'll tell everyone what Lord Eagle was, was assuming about it and wondering about it,
Raven: because
Eric Rosenbaum: so,
Eric Rosenbaum: from the seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: or kind of perspective, one might ask about the association between wild magic mists, and like winter cold. Nice something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have any historical reference point for the association between those? Go ahead. And while I are on a check
Timothy Sackton: seeker is very widely read.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's ah ah, weird. It didn't go to rule tawny for some reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's okay. I went to.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can't see it on the and you beyond. Yeah, Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, Oh, maybe I need to turn on this thing.
How do I do that?
Timothy Sackton: So I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Winter is a little bit
Timothy Sackton: unclear. How they would, you know you have to can't think of anything specifically that would associate winter with
Timothy Sackton: wild magic. But the idea of, while I mean
Timothy Sackton: you've read of wild magic storms. You read of storms, of the unraveling of magic where
Timothy Sackton: you know some
Timothy Sackton: place in the world.
Timothy Sackton: Magic either begins to overflow from the boundaries of these, like lay lines of nodes that normally contain it, or they begin to wither away and die. And you get this sort of
Timothy Sackton: zones of dead magic or zones of unraveling magic or zones of wild magic.
Timothy Sackton: You've even heard stories and rumors of people who are born too close to these, or who are,
Timothy Sackton: you know, somehow affected by a wild magic surge of being able to
Timothy Sackton: channel wild magic themselves,
Raven: but no connections with winter. I mean it. Could
Raven: it could be like if there's like a magical dead zone, the like un magical state of the Faye. Wild as everything is like frozen and dead because it's all magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering. Is this more like
Eric Rosenbaum: the surge of magic overflowing? It's
Eric Rosenbaum: structures, or is it the dead dead zone
Eric Rosenbaum: problem could be either one.
Raven: Yeah,
Raven: I think we should just head over there and see what? See what's going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: The secrets are easily distracted by interesting
Eric Rosenbaum: Um!
Raven: Let's start on our way.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: follow a guide.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the most reliable way
Eric Rosenbaum: Earlier I traveled in the form of dragonfly. It was not completely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, it got better,
Eric Rosenbaum: but I was briefly a dragonflow.
Raven: Well, that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a curious sensation after that I enjoyed it.
Raven: I mean, we know the way, right? Yeah. Yeah. So we can. We can be guides.
Raven: That's what what's walk in the direction of the
Timothy Sackton: right. So you leave the court, and you walk through the forest and the gently rolling hills.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And as you as you travel um,
Timothy Sackton: you know time it's it's hard to judge the passage of I mean especially for seeker who this is only your
Timothy Sackton: something they in the fay? Well, do you actually have no real idea of how you. They were out at this point
Timothy Sackton: a day or five. It's sort of hard to say
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: right the sign doesn't move in the sky,
Timothy Sackton: but it
Timothy Sackton: seems like you move relatively quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Soon you've passed through the forest and come out onto these gently rolling hills.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: The occasional like dragonfly made entirely of silver buzzes past you.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: curiously starting around, mostly mostly kind of attracted to sobrella and flying around around her wings.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And every now and then you see a flower like a gemstone
Timothy Sackton: flower, like a flower of
Timothy Sackton: paz, or jade, or something that's growing off of a living plant. There'll be a a bush of, or a, or a field of flowers, and most of them are just regular flowers; but every now and then there'll be one that grows, and
Timothy Sackton: as petals made of gams.
Raven: Um!
Raven: So as I walk, I am
Raven: i'm, you know,
Raven: probably walking like at a pretty slow pace, for how fast I can move to
Raven: like, not
Raven: run ahead. So all every once in a while, like stop, and like,
Raven: just like step on the grass, like certain pieces of grass in a certain way, and it'll just like freeze and like wither
Raven: like little, like some like individual blades of grass. I like, bend down and just like pluck one, and it like withers in my hands.
Raven: It freezes over
Raven: now. I'll keep walking.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a curious phenomenon revenue.
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Raven: I am a spirit of winter
Raven: winter
Raven: more. My natural
place.
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well
Eric Rosenbaum: glad for your assistance here in this more
Eric Rosenbaum: summary area.
Eric Rosenbaum: These uh gymstones flowers, though i'm curious, the seeker bends to inspect one,
Eric Rosenbaum: and attempts to, uh
Eric Rosenbaum: first to poke at the gems to see if they are gems in the way they understand them.
Timothy Sackton: They are um
Timothy Sackton: and Raven and Spra and Mikasa. You would all know that picking this would be would be bad luck,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but not free to warrant seeker, if you so choose, because uh takes her her for ten foot long blade, and like literally, just like the slap to the slap speaker uh seekers handed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unwise.
Eric Rosenbaum: And why is that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try it and see,
Spirala: or don't? We could just tell
Raven: the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are you here, Dwarf?
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: What? Why is anyone anywhere?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm curious to learn about the workings of this place
Eric Rosenbaum: in the end. I'm just trying to get back home to my friends, but I sought a favor of the chance we were in.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is where we ended up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Say that again, you you one
Eric Rosenbaum: just trying to get home to my friends. But ah!
Eric Rosenbaum: To do so! It seemed wise to ask for help,
Eric Rosenbaum: and so, in seeking a favor from the chance weaver I've ended up on this journey too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I certainly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appreciate that I I do also have a bargain with the chance We' but
Eric Rosenbaum: what all?
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you expect to gain?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Same as you
to go home?
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's that for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another realm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very different from here,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: away from the noise of the Casino.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the
Eric Rosenbaum: the games of chance also didn't suit me all that. Well, I have to admit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe you may be. We have more in common than I thought, Dwarf
Eric Rosenbaum: and i'm curious,
Eric Rosenbaum: I should say,
Eric Rosenbaum: about the variety of realms that exist.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I love doing it rapidly.
Raven: Ravens just absent mindedly picking voids of grass with their black glove, and watching them freeze over and break.
Oh, she's just like
Timothy Sackton: they're just so as you
Timothy Sackton: you walk and talk.
Timothy Sackton: You can see now in the distance the
Timothy Sackton: the Crystal Mountain
Timothy Sackton: of Crystal Peak.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and it's It's
Timothy Sackton: tall, but it
Timothy Sackton: it seems not as big from close as it maybe was from far away, like you can see it for a really long way across the landscape, but as you get closer
Timothy Sackton: go, it's not actually that tall
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: there's light. You can see that there's like lights and sparks coming from the top, the very top of the peak.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: uh, at least seeker and spiralla you can. You can sort of sense
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: magical field almost kind of rippling around you almost as if magic is both heightened and
Timothy Sackton: disrupted at the same time.
Are there blue lines in the fit wild?
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: precisely no, nothing that you recognize those lay lines from your experience of the material plane. But there clearly is magic. So there's some sense in which
Timothy Sackton: the plane of magic is infused into the fay. Wow! But it feels more like a
Timothy Sackton: like a fine net that runs through everything. Then that's kind of discreet
Timothy Sackton: property of lay lines in the material plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's like a microscale lane, lay Line Network
Eric Rosenbaum: Street.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what's my current estimate?
Eric Rosenbaum: It just takes this for telgar of the height of the structure we're looking at
Timothy Sackton: maybe two thousand five hundred feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's a mountain, but it but it's
Timothy Sackton: from from,
Timothy Sackton: although who can really judge distance from fifty miles off, it looks like it's fifteen thousand feet
Timothy Sackton: from twenty-five miles off. It looks like it's ten thousand feet, and as you get closer to it, it stays the same size on the horizon. As you approach closer,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, this is a side it's like met again, like our fate, even have ages like, Are they just like, are they born? And then it's just all kinda you know.
Raven: The way I assume is basically they just are whatever age they feel, like
Raven: most of the time,
Timothy Sackton: right. They sort of age based on their um emotional state more than they're more than any sort of physical passage of time,
Spirala: for all it reaches out to the air, you know, sensing these ripples and um
Spirala: breathes a
Spirala: plume of smoke that smells like mint and sort of watches it and
Spirala: checks. The effect. Sort of to understand
Eric Rosenbaum: is all magic disrupted.
Spirala: And what are these eddies and squirrels going to do.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, are you casting a spell?
Spirala: Yeah, just a can trip of, you know, through and craft to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely, I mean, you can definitely magic.
Timothy Sackton: It's easily possible to cast spouse, and you can feel the sort of magic in the air you get the sense that
Timothy Sackton: more powerful magic might be somewhat unpredictable.
Raven: Oh, wow, magic zone,
Raven: I mean,
Spirala: and I I went for mint, and I didn't get pineapple, but uh, it's a very mild spell.
Raven: Shall we
Raven: continue onward. It appears like there's something going on out of the top of the mountain. Maybe a good place to start.
Raven: Just get closer, at least
Raven: really get a sense of what
Raven: it is where
to do Here
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I've encountered it. Mountain made entirely of crystal before. I wonder what from the challenges it will pose to the climber.
Raven: Oh,
Raven: continue culture to the realm, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: So as you as you get closer and closer
Timothy Sackton: um the mountain
Timothy Sackton: still kind of stays roughly the same science, and once you're at the base of its slopes, it's it's more of a
Timothy Sackton: It's more of a large hill,
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: you know a thousand feet tall.
Raven: Um! That's not even that. I can just like
right. It's not that much like at all.
Timothy Sackton: It's. It is the One thing about it, though, is it is,
Timothy Sackton: you know it's made of like gems and crystal, and, like jagged slopes,
Timothy Sackton: it's the danger of climbing. It is more like slicing your hand on some.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's pretty similar in shape to the thing that's in the background here.
Raven: Kind of cheer enough that you'd have to actually climb at parts, and there's actually climate. You couldn't just like It's not the kind of mountain you can just hike up
Raven: right like on our bits you'd have to climb. But no, there is like a
Raven: being from it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
Dwarf,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't shape that.
Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, I do work with stone,
Eric Rosenbaum: but usually at a smaller scale.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I suppose I could try. You limit yourself too much.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: space and time mean different things here than what you're used to doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think they do. Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I focus on the nearest part of the Crystal Mountain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, just in front of us
Eric Rosenbaum: begin to make a set of stairs, using mold earth.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can't mold down with mold earth.
Timothy Sackton: It only works.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does say, a portion of dirt or stone that you can see within.
Raven: This is crystal, not stone right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's true.
Timothy Sackton: You can make it difficult terrain. You can make shapes or colors up here
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Timothy Sackton: But you can't. Actually you can't shape.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you can't shape stone into something new. There's a like Fourth Level spell that does. That's a whole different story.
Raven: But you could
Raven: excavate. So there are stairs like
Timothy Sackton: well, you can only excavate, lose earth with mold earth. You can't excavate, step.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Raven: Um.
Raven: I am a
Raven: reasonably proficient climber. If,
Raven: then, there is
Raven: almost no danger to me if I fall,
Raven: though
Raven: Spiralla is obviously also
wait a minute,
Raven: so maybe it would be wise to send a small possibly,
Raven: or I mean, how well can you
Raven: So Is it worth finding a method around like an alternate method up the mountain? Or would it be easiest to just climate?
Eric Rosenbaum: I could turn myself into a dragonfly or some kind of bird, and fly up there to see what's going on? But
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like a dangerous approach. What about you?
Yes,
Spirala: what would be the most comfortable approach for you to scale a
Spirala: jagged Crystal Mountain?
Spirala: Would you need some assistance, perhaps a lift.
Spirala: Or are you
Spirala: inclined to get up?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'll take a lips.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how far I can fly carrying someone not at all raises small, not really at all carrying somebody who is wearing plate armor, and it's like three times your size and ball. What? How do you transform
Raven: the seekers or a chance you could transform into something I could carry.
Um!
Eric Rosenbaum: I might be able to carry one other creature as to correct him. If i'm a large
Eric Rosenbaum: currently, you see the measures that you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually uh sorry. Take all that back, because it says, I have my own ways. Don't worry about me. Well, then, it seems we are all
Raven: have methods to
Raven: let's go the mountain, so maybe we should start up,
Raven: and
Raven: Raven will just start
Raven: moving it like a faster pace. Now to start weaving up the mountain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's uh because of follow those raven, and literally just starts walking up and down, just like as that. I can also do that right. Wait!
Raven: You can also do that.
Raven: Oh, I'll say, Oh,
Raven: all right, and I'll just start running up behind you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How to speak. How so? You're getting him?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so far, i'm just stumbling my way up before it gets too steep.
Raven: If it does, you can transform, though right you get up. You get like a third of the way up, and there's a stretch that's maybe
Timothy Sackton: you know, sixty or so feet of like smooth cliff that
Timothy Sackton: me casa and raven just like ran up kind of ignoring the fact that it's a smooth cliff. It's like a smooth crystal face, multicolored sort of reflecting the afternoon light. Well, how tall is it? Because I can only go one hundred feet in a turn, if i'm still like sixty, sixty feet,
Raven: alright, so I can only go one hundred feet in a turn. If i'm on something. When I end my turn, I fall.
Spirala: Shall I throw you down a rope, or would you like to take a more magical approach?
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: thank you. Uh
Eric Rosenbaum: first. Um!
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just kneel and poke around a little bit. Are there any loose rubble bits of chunks of crystal?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's like loose, you know. There's some like loose bits of like
Timothy Sackton: it almost looks like uh,
Timothy Sackton: like glass beads, like round about hailstone size, bits of colored glass, and mixed in with them. You'll occasionally see, like a
Timothy Sackton: piece of courts, or or
Timothy Sackton: like yellow courts, or rose course, like various crystal crystalline gems in more traditional sort of
Timothy Sackton: six-sided hexagonal gems. They are in shapes
Timothy Sackton: and then the occasional like geode split open as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's just all sorts of crystalline stuff all together in one place, the way it normally would not be Well, I um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I find a beautiful
Eric Rosenbaum: geode fragment
Eric Rosenbaum: and stand back up again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh Tim, just uh you know um what happens if if if he takes a little Geo from here and brings it back to the material world.
Eric Rosenbaum: It depends Well, I guess, that it to my character, she
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess. Uh Mika Stad uh notices notices um secret, pocketing it, and again, with this like long ten foot like wave like you, you feel a little like t
Raven: Are you on top of the cliff, though, because they're not yet. I mean, he's. Yeah, yeah, i'm way below you
Eric Rosenbaum: you now. So I choose my woman to foraging carefully,
Eric Rosenbaum: although it's you all. I might have seen it now,
Eric Rosenbaum: because she was just offering a rope uh. So I stand up and desk myself off. You can. Obviously there's
Eric Rosenbaum: my dust here.
Raven: Um on the crystal now. Yeah, I will say so. Rape uh Raven was not expecting there to be a
Raven: She was sort of expecting the like other representatives, to be like
Raven: more like magic e
Raven: like she wasn't expecting someone as like physically proficient
Raven: as she is, so
Raven: she. They are now actively trying to get to the top faster than
Raven: like she's. She's running
Raven: up the mountain Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not a competition
Eric Rosenbaum: um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because that is not
Spirala: until it is
Eric Rosenbaum: so I want to polymorph into a giant
Eric Rosenbaum: drag and fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I think it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there's someone. There's a web page about it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can. I mean, you're just in your casting
Eric Rosenbaum: speed by morph.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Raven: water supply.
I'll read, What is that? What does that actually like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Transform yourself for a
Eric Rosenbaum: another creature
Eric Rosenbaum: and two
Eric Rosenbaum: creature
Timothy Sackton: um
Eric Rosenbaum: back if you hit zero at once,
Right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: as you um
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can't cast spells. Oh, my God!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, well,
Timothy Sackton: you what
Eric Rosenbaum: can cast spills in this form, or do much of anything else?
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're just You're just flying at the moment. But as you cast. So, as you begin, you know. Do the incantations, and you you shift your form. Um
Timothy Sackton: uh, you start uh
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: oh, let's see um
Timothy Sackton: hold on one sec here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um! You see that? Uh,
Timothy Sackton: uh, as you begin flying up, you notice, like as you're casting this spell like sort of near the top like in between
Timothy Sackton: um sort of at the top of what you can see in between um Mikasa and
Timothy Sackton: Ah Raven. A like spire begins to gather into this ball, which then starts like rolling down the mountain towards
Timothy Sackton: Ah me!
Eric Rosenbaum: A fireball,
Timothy Sackton: like a like a globe about like five feet in diameter begin just like as seeker cast a spell, you see, like the energy begins to coalesce out of the sky and
Timothy Sackton: falls. This, like you almost see those balls falling, and then it begins bouncing. So actually, Raven and Mikasa both make dexterity
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fourteen.
Raven: Oh, God! I also got a fourteen. I remember those ten to.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: okay, The The flaming ball of fire hits both of you. First of all, it it hits Raven and then bounces down, and it hits me. Casa um, and you both take
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Raven, you take six points of fire damage, and you take twelve points of fire damage,
Timothy Sackton: and that a hits the
Timothy Sackton: it hits the top of this cliff, and then, like flies off, and it begins to fade as you see it, like bouncing further down the mountain.
Raven: And and so Raven was just like looking over their shoulder at how far behind,
Raven: because it was and was not paying attention at all, and so was only able to mostly avoid the
Raven: fireball as they like, immediately noticed it, and dodged partly out of the way.
Raven: But once you're able to fully evade it,
Eric Rosenbaum: you hear a deep thrumming buzz as the giant iridescent dragonfly
Eric Rosenbaum: zoom is by over your head just making sure everybody's okay before spiraling on this, on its way back up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that fireball you're doing,
Timothy Sackton: are you?
Eric Rosenbaum: What is that? I he's a giant dragon. He can't talk. Yeah, I'm still talking with the dragon Dragon dry guy.
Timothy Sackton: So now, as you come towards the top of the mountain
Timothy Sackton: um, you can see that. So there's like a There's like a sort of
Timothy Sackton: flat area sort of a roundish area at the top of the summit. Um! And there's a crack, a giant crack in the top of the mountain. It almost looks like something
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: Almost looks like something crashed into the
Timothy Sackton: pop of the mountain, and, like, just
Timothy Sackton: crashed through the mountain, and like,
Timothy Sackton: broke through the crystal and fell inside the mountain.
Timothy Sackton: It's like maybe ten foot diameter crater, and this, like giant crack
Timothy Sackton: running into the mountain, you can see like glowing light sort of coming up out at the top below. This is where the sparks that you saw from below are coming from. They're like drifting up out of this giant crack and crater in the
Timothy Sackton: the summit of the mountain,
Eric Rosenbaum: circling and then going
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Spirala: Brella is also circling it, not crashing into the giant dragon fly. But
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean you can clearly descend if you want to.
Spirala: I mean, there's a there is a place to land around it. We're not like, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then, like a gash in the bottom of the crater,
Timothy Sackton: so you can see that it
Timothy Sackton: So there's like it. Almost looks like It's a crack in the top of a giant crystal bubble
Timothy Sackton: down below, maybe two hundred feet down,
Timothy Sackton: where the lights are coming from from the floor of this giant crystal bubble,
Timothy Sackton: those little shards of crystal that seem to be floating in the air
Spirala: Are there also fog around us from the No. You're up above it. It's completely clear
Raven: What what was what's happening?
Spirala: We're up past the like visible storm, fog, wild magic
Spirala: storm part, and now we are in a
Timothy Sackton: ledge on a mountain. There's a crack. It's what there's a crack, and it looks like Sprella, looking down through the crack can see like this
Timothy Sackton: massive crystal bubble
Timothy Sackton: inside the mountain with like little crystal little shards of crystal kind of floating in the air, and lights
Timothy Sackton: in the like in the floor somehow,
Timothy Sackton: and then Occasionally a light will shoot up through the crystalline, and then, like explode, not really fireworks, but just like, and then the crystal like
Raven: sitting on the ground like
Raven: uh It's like it's just crack. And then looking down on the crack cave. Yeah, so it's my down on the crack There's like a crystal floating in the middle of a cave.
Timothy Sackton: There's no the crystal bubble is the cave itself. It's like a giant round circular cave, and there's a crack in the top of it, and you're looking down from the crack in the top.
Raven: Maybe the crack is the problem like a metric crystal with a crack in it. Maybe not good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and can you, if we look straight down? You see if there's a floor,
and there's like stuff scattered on the floor, There's like
Timothy Sackton: geodes, big like a big G of like fifteen twenty feet across, cracked open in the middle, and
Timothy Sackton: like light shimmering from the purple and pink and gold and green crystals inside that
Raven: other, like imperfections,
Raven: like looking down to the cave like Is there like any
Raven: like other, like cracks, or like some obviously like something that looks like It's like going to explode, or like
Timothy Sackton: perception, check, or something charred, or something
Raven: any other like imperfections.
Raven: Voice:
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: it look so it's far away, so you can't make out the details. But the the
Timothy Sackton: massive Geo. That's sitting at the bottom looks like it.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: It looks like it was split open by impact, like you can see
Timothy Sackton: the like little um
Timothy Sackton: shards from the taut like if it's a big round globe. And something struck it from here, and that caused it to crack open.
Raven: You can see, like the the fractures of this large Geo. There the little spray is there like magic coming from the Geo. Or is that just all in general in the case, or is there any like one specific spot in the cave, or there's like the magic, like spouting from.
Timothy Sackton: They never seems to take any one specific spot
Timothy Sackton: uh it's uh It's like dark stone on the outside, and then it's split open in the middle. There's
Timothy Sackton: just crystal of their multicolored crystal, mostly like pinks and purples, but some greens and gold as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that something that would occur. Naturally, I guess that's the of the
Timothy Sackton: uh everything. Naturally, in the pay wild. Can I use my sense over ability while in dragonfly one part of,
Eric Rosenbaum: and so I suppose, reven. And because I are standing
Eric Rosenbaum: at the edge of this, the lip of the Creator looking down
Eric Rosenbaum: it's through all, and I are sort of orbiting it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um!
Spirala: He!
Raven: I'm like crouching on the edge like my cloak's bibbling down around me. I'm just like
Raven: staring intently down to the cave.
Spirala: But the Geo. Was like fifteen feet wide, so the crack is quite big enough for anyone to go down,
Eric Rosenbaum: and it's It's there's light down there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Yeah, there's the floor itself is like, you see, these like
Raven: so sort of patterns of glowing light in the floor of this crystal airflow or any odor. How much rope do we have like the If we're trying? If we're considering getting down there at all, we want to do it with a rope so we can get back up.
Raven: Does everyone have somebody
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get that out?
Raven: I I we're thing, I think, is probably not impossible for us to get down if we want to as what i'm thinking
Raven: because I think we probably
Timothy Sackton: somebody could ride on the giant dragonfly.
Raven: I could.
Raven: I mean you could just you. We could like take trips.
Raven: I can jump off like halfway down,
Raven: like
Spirala: I mean, obviously. But as for even said, we would like to also be able to leave, and if
Raven: our dwarfs on the dragonfly incapacitated, we could, we could get down the a dragon, because I But
Raven: I think yeah, if we're going down we should probably have at least rope like hanging down from the ceiling, because
Raven: and on a you'll probably have to revert to the seeker to
Raven: form.
Raven: I don't know how long
Eric Rosenbaum: you can,
Raven: and probably also not
Raven: want you that way in like a battle. If there's enemies somewhere
Eric Rosenbaum: in the middle of the caves.
Um!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, do you? How How does the pack work with like? How does it like Meld into your form?
Eric Rosenbaum: So are there airports coming up, and is there any sort of odor of anything?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's There's no
Timothy Sackton: odor. There is definitely a
Timothy Sackton: well
Timothy Sackton: coming up. Yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: there is airflow coming up. That's puzzling. I ride on the air currents a little bit, and then uh swoop down
Eric Rosenbaum: just twenty feet
Eric Rosenbaum: below the crack and then back up again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um. As you swoop down one of this one of these swarms of
Timothy Sackton: these, like flying crystals that are floating around with
Timothy Sackton: like ah
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: pumps around your space.
Timothy Sackton: One tries to like stab at you. What's What's your
Timothy Sackton: What is your giant dragonfly right now
Raven: that an actual step lock?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there isn't, there is one.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: What's your ac as a giant dragonfly. Sixteen, it says,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yeah, they they miss. They like swarm around you. And you dodge and uh
Timothy Sackton: get out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: right. I can dirt around quickly. Yeah, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, our Z is back up.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so
Eric Rosenbaum: Christians
Raven: Hmm.
Raven: I mean, protecting something often a reason for Oh, she
you!
Raven: That's often a reason for regression. Stay wild often
Raven: didn't like the main reason for aggression. I'm assuming
Raven: gaining something or losing something or protecting something.
Raven: So there's
Timothy Sackton: they're mostly There's like K things. Four or five little swarms of these crystal shards that are kind of flying around in the air almost like little clouds of gnats,
Timothy Sackton: and it seemed as you descended. They were attracted to you, and they glommed on people.
Raven: I wonder if here
Raven: and I,
Raven: I
Raven: a road like around my waist and
Raven: hi it to something up here. I have fifty feet of rope. Can I just like lower myself down a little and see if it's like, because if it's like specifically like magic,
Raven: like because you're like in a magical form, right?
Raven: So they could just be attracted to magic, but so, and i'll probably be able to take on attack. So i'm gonna hire a rope around myself and just like pop down
like
Raven: just like jump down into the
Raven: Okay.
Raven: I'm like i'm dangling fifty feet up in the air,
Timothy Sackton: so it
Timothy Sackton: swarms around you.
Timothy Sackton: Um, They try and swarm around. They
Timothy Sackton: What's your I see
Raven: uh nineteen,
Timothy Sackton: twenty-one to hit. They hit you
Raven: um doing feels bad uh okay, Eight points of damage to you. And eight points of damage to the rope, which is now frayed and almost alright, um eight to me.
Yeah,
Raven: is.
Raven: Can I shout
Raven: for someone to pull me up and then like slash at them as i'm
Raven: like. How long would it take to pull me up from like twenty feet like thirty, twenty, thirty feet down,
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Raven: or how long would it take to get the rope to swing so I can stand on a wall?
Timothy Sackton: I'd say that's a better question.
Raven: Can I just swing to a wall because i'm still like,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, make an acrobatics check.
Raven: Does your walking on weird services work for like upside down like a fly because it's like a curved cable. It does. I think it does so Sure it does. Nineteen? Um! Well, they check.
Raven: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I I don't i'm not sure you can. You can't walk upside down vertically. You kisses
Raven: and across liquids
Timothy Sackton: right, but that's not upside down, but you can swing enough to get out of there
Timothy Sackton: their range and like kind of swing, and like, pull yourself up. I mean you've got fifty feet of movement. So even if you're going half speed climbing, you can just climb up the road.
Raven: Yeah, for. But I want to attack them.
Raven: I that's your movement. You can make an attack as well.
Raven: I'm gonna pull out my fifth sword, and it's a like a glowing silver, like a faintly glowing
Raven: silver blade, with like black pedal designs all over it. Um! And i'll slice twice
Raven: i'll. I'll slice once and see if it does anything that just like the general swarm surrounding me. Go, roll an attack Nineteen
Timothy Sackton: got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you crystal with crystal.
Raven: Uh you eleven plus
Raven: sixteen
Raven: sixteen damage turtle
Timothy Sackton: uh you break a few of the crystals, I mean they they don't,
Timothy Sackton: you know they're clearly
Timothy Sackton: shattering under the attacks of your of your sword
Raven: uh nine plus five, fourteen.
Raven: Oh, it's about to hit. No, I didn't roll the hit fourteen to hit, and fourteen to fourteen hats, fourteen damage,
Timothy Sackton: a few more break.
Timothy Sackton: Uh it seems like there is about You've knocked out maybe half of the swarm,
Raven: and then all like in the same like movement as I go to swaying all like it with my let sol up. I like swing forward, and like as i'm passing through the swarm. I'll like, kick with my leg and do it
Raven: seventeen,
Raven: that it's, and that's uh nine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Raven: And then i'll yeah on the wall and climb as far up as I can. You can get up to the top. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: i'll clam her back up to the top. You cracked about half of that swarm,
Raven: I mean. So also I as like like land up on the top.
Raven: Well, that can be fought.
Raven: Um,
Raven: though whether it would be easy to do so well in the air
Raven: in consideration.
Raven: Do we have a way of getting to the ground in enough time where
Raven: they couldn't? Just
Raven: break the rope we're using to get down presumably and kill us.
Raven: I mean, what person can ride, ride on dragonfly?
Eric Rosenbaum: What is Wikipedia doing in all this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because uh is. Um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Hold on,
uh! Let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you doing? Secret?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just he's buzzing. I'm just
Raven: um. I will do much stuff on that right now but
Raven: place,
Spirala: whether we fly or whether we descend, we
Spirala: cannot
Spirala: avoid those
Raven: flying shard attacks entirely. So I will. Here I will suggest
Raven: um, Mikasa, how is it you are?
Raven: What What skill allows you to walk on walls? And do you think it could get you
Raven: all the way to the ground relatively quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long do you think it would take?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can move quickly enough
Raven: how it's two hundred feet,
Raven: but like
Raven: so what i'm thinking is, is there? I mean looking around. Are there any like crystal like pillars, or anything that could tie a rope around
Timothy Sackton: at the top? Not easily. I mean. Somebody was holding on to the rope before It's not
Timothy Sackton: There's
Timothy Sackton: there's plenty of jagged pieces of sharp crystal, but tying a rope to a jagged piece of sharp crystal might have deleterious effects.
Raven: We don't have like chain or anything, do we?
Raven: I don't. Does anyone doesn't even have like chain
Raven: for somebody?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have a cloak of many fashions. That sounds sick you can. You can make it look what it. However, you want it to look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can change it with your change its appearance with your moods
Raven: for the fashions of the courts you attend. Yeah,
Raven: Um, Oh,
Raven: this probably isn't actually that helpful. So I can.
Raven: I can fall about,
Raven: I think probably about a hundred-ish feet,
Raven: with no significant detrimental effects.
Raven: Probably, like I could fall probably like one hundred and fifty without
Raven: like
Raven: dying.
That might be pushing it a little.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty impressive. That's a long way to get to the ground.
Raven: Are we trying to get to the ground, or do we think. How many are there Can I like? Just do a quick count of, like the swarm number? There seems to be five swarms,
Raven: but they sort of break apart and reform a little bit. Do we think
Raven: we can get?
Raven: We can kill them in the air
Raven: at all in any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like uh, because it just like kind of jumps off of the wall and just like crashes through it. They're like giant glave and starts like killing them, like,
Timothy Sackton: you know doable. Yeah, I mean, you take a lot of damage or you hit the ground. But the ball would be pretty impressive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much damage would I take if I had the ground
Timothy Sackton: twenty-two hundred feet so twenty d six, How far we, how high up are the shards again?
Raven: Like Um!
Timothy Sackton: So the shards are kind of the like crystal, like floating shards are floating in space. So they're kind of moving around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah kind of moving through the this like big open space, and then the and how how I up for the shark, I know, like all the way up to the two hundred feet they're mostly up towards the top. Yeah, okay,
Raven: It seems to be like guarding the entrance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So if we rush just like, rush through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, Random,
Raven: me and Mikasa seem to be the more
Raven: proficient.
Raven: Close up combatants.
Raven: What I propose is,
Raven: we try our best to find something to tie a rope to,
Raven: and then, just to get us far enough down. We're where we're on the walls. We can draw a tax, and then you two can fly to the ground and provide like
Raven: covering support pupils from the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is,
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, I reven. I like this idea enough. Let's just charge charge along the wall and see what happens. Yeah, yeah, that's a great idea. Exactly what I was thinking. So I spiral up just if you know twenty feet above the entrance to build up some speed as I dive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's like, Yeah, the interests like this. And then, like Mik, Usa and and Raymond, just like running down the running down the side of the wall
Raven: on my command. Yeah. So you ready?
Raven: Is, Are you okay? With this
Spirala: i'll
Spirala: fly down as best as I
Spirala: wait. Wait.
Raven: I was trying to come through my spell to see if I had me like temporary bonus. Hit point type thing, or does anyone have like a pickaxe or a like a thing you could like stick into the ground.
Raven: I mean, I have like a dart. That's pretty much it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I surely have something. Once i'm changed back
Raven: the
Raven: all right. I think this probably might have to. Just
Raven: how.
Raven: So I guess. Honestly, this probably is fine.
Raven: So
Raven: do you know, Mikasa, if you can stand on walls, or if you can just move across them, I can stand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can. I can walk across the walls over the ground.
So
Raven: yeah. So what I think we should do is I think our rope is actually not going to be that helpful,
Raven: because I can get close enough to the ground where it won't hurt me to fall in one
Raven: pretty quickly quickly enough. That falling won't be detrimental.
Raven: Um, So I think we should. We should both start by just running down the wall straight up, and we can draw their tax hopefully, and then
Raven: you two just fly down as fast as possible. And then, once you're up to the ground, obviously you should undo the
Raven: drag and fly thing.
Timothy Sackton: So you, too,
Timothy Sackton: begin charging down,
Timothy Sackton: running fast as he can
Timothy Sackton: creatures Ferry and the Dragon five begin to drop down,
Timothy Sackton: flying as fast as you can.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Why, don't you roll initiative just to see which order you how fast you move
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Raven: twenty-four,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: twelve.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyone
Spirala: is that everyone else's rules, but not mine. Did it go through somewhere.
Spirala: I did hit the role initiative thing
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Raven: thank you. Twenty, one, fifteen, twenty, four.
Raven: Well, wait. What did you get me?
Timothy Sackton: Twelve,
Raven: you guys?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I got that. And and just seeing where the swarms end up.
Timothy Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So uh
Timothy Sackton: Raven and um
Timothy Sackton: and Seeker
Raven: Raven, you charge down first, are you? Are you? Are you bonus action dashing. Are you action dashing? How are you? I am bonus action dashing and running one hundred feet down the wall to start. Let's just start that. That's one key point. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Raven: All right.
Raven: Uh, let's start with that. I start by running a hundred feet down the wall. What happens? Okay, Does anything happen in reaction.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing immediate, I mean. The The swarms begin to start
Raven: moving, and I, if I jump off the wall
Raven: like hit a swarm in midair as I fall.
Timothy Sackton: I think you're moving too fast for the swarms at this point. They're not flying nearly as fast as you're running, and they were mostly cluster around the top
Raven: uh dang, All right. Final just well. Hmm. That actually causes a problem
Raven: because I once I hit the ground I guess I can just run back up the wall to attack. Maybe it will come down to me. No, actually, no. What i'll do is while i'm.
Raven: Can I try and like. Are there any close enough to the wall? Then I could hit them as I run past.
Raven: Ah, yeah, there's one. The one that you heard before is, I like intentionally arc around to that one to like. Go past it. I'll just lash out with my sword as i'm running down the wall.
Raven: Okay,
Raven: thirteen and twenty five.
Raven: The it
Raven: for two and thirteen does not have but the twenty five Does that All right?
Nice
Timothy Sackton: first attack. It just swings through this like cloud of
Raven: uh damage, will be twelve. So, just like swing my sword like blazes as it collides with
Timothy Sackton: crystals like more crystals shattering it's. Now this swarm is now mostly gone,
Timothy Sackton: and on that arm strike I I I can't. If i'm strike
Raven: That's okay. Um!
Timothy Sackton: And then you're gonna just jump off the wall, and then i'll just jump down like once. I'm on seven hundred feet down.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I rolled a thirty-eight and you can't prevent fifty points of damage. So
Eric Rosenbaum: wow!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: seeker, giant dragonfly, as raven lands on the bottom of this crystal globe,
Timothy Sackton: flying straight down,
Eric Rosenbaum: and I just make like a dodge action as a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? Can you uh see your draft off of where um we're in a group group?
Timothy Sackton: Uh: yeah, And you can also dodge if you want to as your action, so you can fly sixty feet down and then dodge!
Raven: What's your movement? How's the dragon fly?
Raven: I mean you could also dash right like but the other option
Raven: It's either you're either going to dash or dodge. Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: I think i'm i'm the more dragon-fly thing could be to to objection like a super erratic.
Raven: Also, I think it's probably smarter because two of the swarms will get hit.
Timothy Sackton: We've been around you um
Timothy Sackton: crystals. You're dodging through the first one almost strikes, almost surrounds you, but you dodge under them
Timothy Sackton: the second one
Timothy Sackton: you also dodge away from
Timothy Sackton: as you're now like. There's now two swarms kind of surrounding you, but you're weaving and dodging and diving out of the way uh. So you're up,
Timothy Sackton: uh, or or Mikasa, if you want to go first, because I
Raven: I think. Wait. How many of them have gone?
Raven: Three, three have gone. There are five. There's five total. The other two seem to be sort of hovering around when you costly you should try and hit the one I almost killed on your way down one hundred and fifty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Raven: Oh, yeah, i'll give up.
Raven: Try and finish the one I attacked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's obvious. Yeah, because it's like there's like shards of broken glass, the broken crystal. So we'll we'll pick up a running charge, and then uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attack that one on its way down.
Raven: You look so cool running on the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's Fortunes bullet. Oh, Okay, sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is it not doing that? That? Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There it is not. It's the damage
with that.
Now, here it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I wrote the one
Timothy Sackton: that does not have. But fortunately
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my fifteen hits. Yeah,
Raven: probably kills us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh twelve damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that shatters that one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excellent. So the crystals
Timothy Sackton: fall
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into just this like rain of dust that falls down to the ground below. So there's still four, like slashes through it like bursting explodes into this cloud of crystal dust, and she, like emerges through the other side like I covered in crystal, which all like magically turns pink, and like merges into her hair, and makes her hair all like glowy, glittering. Now,
Timothy Sackton: Spiralla,
Timothy Sackton: what are you doing There's still There's still there's two swarming around
Timothy Sackton: the dragonfly. There's one that's now been destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: There's one that seems like it's drifting down towards Raven, and there's still one that's clustered up by the top near the entrance.
Spirala: Um!
Spirala: I
Spirala: I guess I don't. I can be flying in cast spell so that that works all right. So i'm gonna
Spirala: fly down and um
Spirala: if anything gets near me
Spirala: i'm going to cast burning hands.
Spirala: Okay?
Spirala: Ah, look like me on.
Spirala: Why not?
Timothy Sackton: The ones at the top like swarms around you, and as it approaches
Spirala: you cast burning hands clap at it,
Timothy Sackton: so it fails at save. So you do.
Timothy Sackton: I think three d sex damage.
Spirala: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: um.
Raven: I don't know I needed to roll them into the labor. Just you rolled one. You brought twice. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: It's only yeah, it's only one that's in the
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and and as you
Timothy Sackton: do um
Timothy Sackton: flares of magical energy Start um flashing around
Timothy Sackton: around the like
Timothy Sackton: entire sort of
Timothy Sackton: fear of this
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: of this open cave,
Timothy Sackton: and then it swarms around you and make some tack against you, which is what happens.
Timothy Sackton: Nineteen. It was like you start seeing these like little bursts of multicolored magical energy. They seem to be charging up to something.
Timothy Sackton: Um, that's on nineteen
Timothy Sackton: does that hits per hour.
Timothy Sackton: My ac is seventeen. So yeah, okay. So you take
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: eighteen points of piercing damage as this, like cloud of shards flies into you,
Timothy Sackton: and that is going to bring us back to
Timothy Sackton: Raven.
Raven: Um! Where's the closest one to me like what's the closest one distance? The closest one to you is is still probably like one hundred and twenty feet up. Where?
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Where the dragonfly is.
Timothy Sackton: I guess there's one that's like maybe eighty feet up, because there's one that's dropping down to get to you
Raven: um
Raven: all turn to me, Gus, and i'll say, Oh, i'm thrilled to slow,
Raven: you know, like gonna start walking back up the wall to so like uh jump out at. I think I
Raven: if I want to hit again
Raven: actually is because I entered it all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a little bit.
Raven: Um,
Raven: hmm. Oh, all right.
Raven: So
hmm.
Raven: I think what i'm going to do.
Raven: I'm going to run all like, just like step back up on the wall,
Raven: fifty feet up.
Raven: Then, like in the same motion,
Raven: jump off the wall
Raven: and
Raven: disappear, and like a burst of
Raven: Ah
Raven: frost, frosty mist, and i'll just reappear. You said eighty feet right, so fifty plus thirty is a b Just reappear right inside. I'll just reappear like right inside the swarm, and i'll try and make
Raven: Oh, and wait. What is What is this?
Raven: I believe I can try and
Raven: back
Raven: before you tell the bore. Yeah, so no, that's not helpful.
Raven: Oh, shoot! I need to do that. That's that's not relevant, All right, and then I will.
Raven: Um,
Raven: I will just attack twice with my blade. Now one right
Raven: one misses.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Raven: fifteen,
Timothy Sackton: fifteen hits
Raven: great.
Timothy Sackton: So you you leap out, slash through one. And now you're gonna fall the rest of the way. But it's yeah, it's eighty feet. That's fine.
Raven: Yeah, that's
Raven: fifteen damage,
Raven: and i'll just gracefully um
Raven: float down all like
Raven: almost like position myself, so i'm on my back, and i'll just like
Raven: but grin at the like swarm of glowing fay lights crystal lights as I just like, fall down on my back, and then, like, twist at the last second to just land softly on my feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Dragonfly, What are you doing
Eric Rosenbaum: so? I'm still a hundred and forty feet from there
Timothy Sackton: You're a hundred and forty feet from the ground, and you're surrounded by two swarms that are flying around you,
Raven: but neither it all all showed up. I'll shut up,
Raven: Try and get as far down as you can on if you can get far far enough down and get those forms to chase you I can get. I can try and
Raven: beat him up.
Raven: I can end them.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just dash double your sense, dash double your move, but you'll take hits
Raven: as you leave their reach. As you fly away from them they'll get opportunities. But if you're gonna drop polymorph, anyway. You can just waste your polymorphic points right? Because it doesn't matter right? So you can. You can just take the opportunity attacks and dash. That's what I mean.
Raven: Because your polymorphic points don't matter if you're going to drop polymorph when you get to the ground. Anyway,
Eric Rosenbaum: your point. I've only got thirty eight.
Raven: The dragonfly is not superst. I paid for thirty eight hip points. I'm: going to use thirty eight hip points. Okay, So you actually read it this way.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'll dash straight down. Both of them. Had
Timothy Sackton: you as you fly away, run, it does sixteen points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: One does fourteen points of damage. So make to make two constitution saving throws. Oh, gosh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, I must have something that I can help. I've got some failing, and I can help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can help you do something with saving throw, as I know.
Timothy Sackton: Then what can I do to help you? You can help yourself with saving. You can't help other people
sage
Eric Rosenbaum: so it How do I roll it? Because it's not secret constitution. It's the the dragon Flats constitution, which is plus zero.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, gosh, it says twelve
Raven: right?
Raven: Looking at different.
Timothy Sackton: I'm looking at the one on D and D beyond.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh, i'm looking at a number one. Okay, uh, we'll take yours, too. So so which I just roll it to twenty.
Raven: I guess it probably won't matter for this.
Raven: No, it isn't a a constitution. Oh, yeah, it is just
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a sixteen.
Raven: Okay? Well, another one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, It's still a dragonfly,
Raven: and you can Also, I guess it probably doesn't matter. But you can also. Now you're only twenty feet from the ground, so I can. I can help you on my next turn. Uh, and now that there's two swarms that were around. You are going to begin to drop down, but they can't get to you in their turn, so they're not going to attack
Timothy Sackton: the one that is surrounding Sprella is, however, going to attack her.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: which will be a
Raven: which misses right.
Raven: Uh, I will say, as the battle progresses, the black side of Ravens
Raven: Raven is like dressed, so all the black sides of her of their like black and white things line up,
Raven: and they're like the feathers are like
Raven: beginning to like
Raven: like fluff out a lot more
Raven: like it. Seems like the black is like getting like
Raven: laughing, and she's that like they're definitely getting excited about the battle.
Timothy Sackton: And then the one that wounded uh Raven is going to drop down and attack you, which is a
Raven: twenty four to hit. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to be
Raven: twenty points of piercing damage. Ah, so okay, we're fine
Raven: that it is now Asbrella's turn,
Raven: and then you will be consumed because we just ice
time.
Raven: Wait. So it's roll out of me. Cost with me.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Spirala: So i'm trying. I'm continuing on my downward flight as part of my
Spirala: movement. I'm not
Spirala: really. I mean, are you? Oh,
Timothy Sackton: as as you let me
Timothy Sackton: let me just see one thing here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there's
Timothy Sackton: there is right. Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: One of the these, like
Timothy Sackton: burst of light that are floating around um. One of them coalesces around uh
Timothy Sackton: a rag. One of these crystal shards
Timothy Sackton: and explodes in a burst of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And the shard
Timothy Sackton: the shard takes six points of damage.
Raven: So wait. There are
Raven: yeah, four shards left. There's sparrella, Double dragon, Fly me?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: But the dragonfly's way out. It's a way away from this. Um spra, are you? Do you want to attack the ones that you're surrounding you before you move.
Spirala: Um! I
Spirala: have have pulled out the not usually employed mace that I have in my bag,
Spirala: and i'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: You're gonna use it to wait yourself down. So you go down faster. That's why I have a secret plan.
Timothy Sackton: I have What sacred flame you You have a minus one to hit with your mates. You're not going to do anything.
Well,
Spirala: every time I cast a spell weird things happen.
Spirala: I didn't know if it was
Spirala: candidate versus you should do shake your flame. I didn't catch that before. So thank you for being explicit
Raven: question of dad.
Raven: Yeah, how far
Raven: down are the ones that are chasing the dragonfly.
Timothy Sackton: They're like a hundred feet up. They're very high. Oh, gosh!
Right!
Timothy Sackton: The one near you fails. It's safe, so we'll your say good claim damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: And now it's not completely destroyed. But it's quite.
Timothy Sackton: It's like, there's like, maybe three bits like as just flame explodes around you. There's maybe a third or a quarter of the little shards left, and the rest begins to fall down, so so quietly is um as as glass dust.
Raven: All right.
Timothy Sackton: So are you moving to heaven?
Spirala: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So it does get to attack you as you move out of the way. There's very few of them left, though
Timothy Sackton: so, even though it hits
Timothy Sackton: it only does
Timothy Sackton: seven points of damage,
Timothy Sackton: and it is um.
Raven: Is there anything you can do to um!
Raven: I help.
Raven: Oh, it there one right next to me, right? We We can both just attack that. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yes, I was gonna ask Who's Who's Who's the most wounded looking out of our crew if it's. Hear me Between that, Probably me by far. Okay, Raven is the most i'll i'll. I'll tack the shard next to Raven.
Raven: Okay, I I mean, right now
Raven: I can heal while I attack. But
Raven: yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Snap,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just rolled the twenty-nine. That's a funny baby. Okay, A lot of cool stuff happens now, right? So I get I get an expert inspiration or what that happens uh you do, except you already have one, and you can't have another one can't take. Can I use my first one on my damage?
Timothy Sackton: Now you can only use it on d twenty goals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I use it for my second attack?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure. Come on. We're in. We're in the F, while. Tim. Yeah, yeah, you're in the personal damage. You got double damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, So let's see.
Raven: I'm: not quite double right, because it's only double die. But yeah, basically eighteen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then for my second attack that does have spiritual inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it like cause It's showing the actual die online. And it was. And it was like sitting on another of natural twenty, and then it flipped over to an eight, seventeen,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: twelve. I can roll again for my advantage. Oh,
Timothy Sackton: uh, you could. Well, no, just twelve is gonna kill it, so it doesn't matter. So you shatter the you
Timothy Sackton: two two quick swings and the um
Timothy Sackton: and uh
Timothy Sackton: cloud of crystals that have been swarming around Ravens head has just turned to dust scintillating light. Now you can see, as the the lakes
Timothy Sackton: forms of light from underground are like catching the crystal dos, and it all turns sort of pink and
Timothy Sackton: flowery as it begins to drift down to the ground,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: that brings us back to Raven. Um. There is nothing anywhere close to you. The dragonfly is twenty feet above you. Spiral is like one hundred feet above you,
Timothy Sackton: and there are
Timothy Sackton: to
Timothy Sackton: um swarm. There's one swarm that's nearly destroyed around umbrella. And then there's two. They're just kind of hovering in the middle of the space. Um! Very
Timothy Sackton: ah! Chasing the dragonfly, but not able to catch it in in one turn, and like more than one hundred volts
Timothy Sackton: more than a hundred feet from you,
Raven: hey?
Raven: I can't really do anything. I mean I can run one hundred feet up. But, like what's the point?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you could you could just, I mean you could hold an action for A. If it gets closer you could dodge
Timothy Sackton: seeker. You're now basically at the bottom.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to shift out of drag and fly form.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes, I will
become a dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: The dwarf appears next to you.
Raven: I get key points at the bonus action at short rest. I might as well use them.
Raven: Um, I will.
Raven: I have to.
Raven: I'll just hand the feeling myself.
Timothy Sackton: Hey, Guy,
Raven: what do you want to do? Seeker
Raven: now, can I? Just?
Raven: I'll just um ready now. That's just like so
Raven: week i'm gonna Yeah, i'm like on appealing It's ready in tact. It's like, not
there it goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll use um
Eric Rosenbaum: catapult to try to
Eric Rosenbaum: knock down some will so it. How many swarms are left?
Timothy Sackton: There's two There's one around Sprella that's nearly destroyed, and then there's two kind of clustering in the middle of the space, maybe a hundred feet up, that were around the Dragonfly and haven't taken much damage yet,
Eric Rosenbaum: have they continued. Do they show sign. They've continued to descend. Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: So they're they're following us.
Timothy Sackton: They're following. You
Timothy Sackton: are there uh loose rocks. Growl anything. Sheriff. Oh, yeah, there's like so many smaller geodes that are still in ta like look like they're still intact. There's the big one that's split open. There's like pieces of crystal. There's all sorts of we swallow around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm sure it'll be fine if you like. Make it rain crystal, giant jagged crystal shards on top of us at the bottom, though that'll be. I'm sure that'll be
Spirala: They'll turn to flowers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly so true, though. So true. Why, aren't we doing that more?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just turning things into flowers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Figure on something to use.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just do a second level catapult and launch.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that is my deck, save on the swarm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Spirala: the dwarf said Second Level.
Timothy Sackton: First, they've the first one succeeds, but it continues going, and the second one fails
Timothy Sackton: so the second one is going to take the damage.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: ah! As that happens,
Timothy Sackton: you see for a moment
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: like the The
Timothy Sackton: west of
Timothy Sackton: magic is just like the whole, like structure of this fine net is just ah
Timothy Sackton: spitting
Timothy Sackton: open before you,
Timothy Sackton: and you're like
Timothy Sackton: kind of dazzled like It's It's almost like the the like
Timothy Sackton: framework of the world is pureed away. And you're just seeing, like the network that controls everything, all the magic. You can see, all these like little lines of magic running up and animating these things. You can see this like swirling massive magic going deep underground below. You like this vortex.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um!
Timothy Sackton: What is what is seeker's first thought at the minute he sees this
Eric Rosenbaum: I got to go deeper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got what
Eric Rosenbaum: go deeper.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come back to you in a second.
Raven: Ah, not in seekers Turn
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The swarms will drop down further. One's going to continue to attack as well,
Timothy Sackton: which is going to miss, and then the other two are going to drop down now, now coming um, maybe
Timothy Sackton: just within
Timothy Sackton: reach of the two of Raven and
Timothy Sackton: the casa in the ground.
Raven: How do they move like a hundred feet?
Timothy Sackton: Dash
not fair.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, just because it's simple, like
Timothy Sackton: simpler to move things along.
Timothy Sackton: If they actually
Timothy Sackton: we don't. Just waste a turn with you all standing around like, What What are we gonna do now? It's Barella. What do you want to do?
Spirala: How come I haven't been dashing? Why am I only going thirty feet adjourn because you've been casting spells. Um! She's an action.
Spirala: Ah,
Spirala: well,
Raven: I mean you can dash, or you can. Probably you can probably finish this one off if you get another spell at it,
Raven: the one that's near me. Yeah, there's only a handful of
Timothy Sackton: shares, laughed on this one.
Spirala: Yeah, sacred flame. It again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it fails, and it turns to dust as it turns to sparkling little moats of light that float upward
Timothy Sackton: into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: in the interest of time and just keeping things moving. Once these two things are in mainly range of
Timothy Sackton: of raven and Mikasa, you make short work of the two other shards between your crystal sword and your ah long blade blade um! Destroying them, turning them to dust.
Timothy Sackton: Uh seeker, you find yourself in the
Timothy Sackton: A,
Timothy Sackton: in a in a
Timothy Sackton: smaller room, maybe maybe like thirty feet across a a thirty foot diameter. Kind of smaller bubble.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: you can see
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: like looking up. The ceiling is faintly translucent, and there's a
Timothy Sackton: There's a crack in the ceiling
Timothy Sackton: that's been sort of chipped out by some creature that's been constructing so it's like shaped nicely,
Timothy Sackton: and you and you look up, you can see that that crack leads up to the the big room that you are in
Timothy Sackton: I in this room that you're
Raven: There's like a crack on the floor of the big room that We' into wherever he is. Yes, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: the room that you're in again also has light flowing from the floor, and there
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um! There is
Timothy Sackton: uh!
Timothy Sackton: It looks like somebody has made sort of a makeshift camp here. Um, like a hasty makeshift camp. Everything's been shaped out of stone and crystal, and it looks sort of crudely shaped like It's been constructed by magic.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: The Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Um! There's no sign of anybody here,
Timothy Sackton: and it's a short bed. It's like everything's dwarf size in this room.
Timothy Sackton: There's sort of there's like a few um
Timothy Sackton: uh like coiled ropes of different metals. There's like a silver rope and an iron rope,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: otherwise empty.
Timothy Sackton: So well seeker you think about what you're going to do in that room the rest of you now, having finished destroying these things, are
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: standing around this giant
Timothy Sackton: geode
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: looking, looking around this room.
Raven: Um, i'm gonna go up to the Geo and to see if I can tell a little bit more about what split it so like? Was it it fell or like, did something fall onto it
Raven: like, make a
Timothy Sackton: investigation check.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody else can assist. If you want,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do it, too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So so, Raven, you noticed that so clearly something the geode and cracked it open,
Timothy Sackton: something something not super big, but obviously with a huge amount of momentum to split it in half,
Timothy Sackton: and whatever that is
Timothy Sackton: so it has been. It's been like
Timothy Sackton: some. Some sentient creature has sort of cleaned up the mess a little bit, and
Timothy Sackton: apparently taken whatever cracked into the geode.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry so something to tell and hit the
Raven: and then something. And then some one, some creature, took the thing that hit the Ge out and cleaned up the mess.
Timothy Sackton: Uh yes, and there's a few strands of weird silver hair
Timothy Sackton: like not silver-colored hair like hair, but made actually out of silver metal.
Raven: I'll i'll pick up a couple of strands of hair and just like pocket it.
Raven: Um,
Raven: uh, I guess all probably
Raven: see seeker. It's like yo
Raven: see if you can.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: you Here
Timothy Sackton: you hear that coming from somewhat muscled,
Timothy Sackton: and as as that yell goes up, you see,
Timothy Sackton: like a head stick itself out of the wall,
Timothy Sackton: and it's it's a sort of dwarf-sized
Timothy Sackton: creature like skin looks like almost like stone. It has this like massive shock of hair, like huge hair, all multicolored hair all around his face,
Timothy Sackton: and he sticks his sticks as a
Timothy Sackton: his head out of the the the
Timothy Sackton: the stone of the crystal wall, and points his finger out and says, the
Timothy Sackton: thief!
Timothy Sackton: Whoa! Whoa! I don't know how I got here. I'm secret. Who are you. No, no, give it back,
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, I I start to rummage in my pockets, and I come up with the
Eric Rosenbaum: the Geo to fragment from the pick up outside. Do me in this. I was just on the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: doing it back.
Timothy Sackton: You just pick stuff up. What if they're not yours?
Eric Rosenbaum: I am a
Eric Rosenbaum: and worse off of that
Eric Rosenbaum: natural philosophic reading. I
Eric Rosenbaum: investigate the world. I follow my curiosity.
Timothy Sackton: Ha!
Eric Rosenbaum: You took something of mine. I'll take something of yours, you dear?
Raven: Oh dear!
Eric Rosenbaum: And what would you take
Timothy Sackton: like? This creature steps out of the wall, and you can see he's about your height, sort of dwarfish and build, but like very like everything looks kind of stony, like
Timothy Sackton: thick legs, wearing sort of overalls, and
Timothy Sackton: like a tunic, and like no boots just bare feet, like thick feet, like very, almost granite, like legs
Timothy Sackton: like burly arms of sort of also kind of not not like actual stone, But you just get that feeling like if you painted skin over a small, stout statue of a dwarf. That's what this guy would look like, except for she was like massive shock of hair,
Timothy Sackton: and he just walked out of the wall. He just walked out of the wall, and he snaps his finger. And this iron, this coil of iron rope begins to like, coil up and coil around your legs,
Timothy Sackton: and he walks over.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you could help me,
Eric Rosenbaum: and we'll go back to the room above. Now. Okay,
Raven: there are.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you? Okay, you Everybody Here's this now, and he,
Timothy Sackton: This creature hears it in you here. I didn't like,
Timothy Sackton: you know. You know that commotion upstairs.
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: traveling companions of
Eric Rosenbaum: can't take much responsibility for their actions
Eric Rosenbaum: or order a sense of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: their actions. You're the one who steal and stuff. Yeah, what do we do? Just your seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: that I am,
Eric Rosenbaum: and my,
Timothy Sackton: you may call me a Lauren.
Timothy Sackton: I'll be back.
Timothy Sackton: He like walks into the wall and vanishes,
Timothy Sackton: and the rest of you see a head pop out of the floor
Timothy Sackton: the same had.
Timothy Sackton: You're trying to find your friend downstairs. But thief
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the dwarf! Yes, what did he steal this time?
Timothy Sackton: One of my rocks
Raven: negotiating for
Timothy Sackton: i'm negotiating for his
Timothy Sackton: freedom?
For
Timothy Sackton: he probably I might have a use for him, though. What would you like to negotiate?
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I need some help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of help
Timothy Sackton: Come downstairs. Let's talk together, and he vanishes
it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just like
Timothy Sackton: he pops his head back up. Oh, sorry! And he like pushes with his hands. And this like
Timothy Sackton: this, like a crack opens up in the wall that he grabs any like or Yanks, and like this bar opens this like like a
Timothy Sackton: something where you could tie a rope. Then he takes this pair of
Timothy Sackton: a black I of like the sort of tarnished silver scissors, and he, like grab some of his hair, cuts it as he cuts it. The hair grows and spins into a ladder, and he ties a silver ladder onto the
Raven: bar that he just made, and then he vanishes again. I just like Step
Raven: into the whole,
Raven: and just fall past the watch
Timothy Sackton: you see seeker on the on the floor.
Timothy Sackton: It's A. You see what I described before this like small makeshift room,
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm. Uh. Advancing the progress of our quest. Um! Am I trapped by the iron group? You are. Yes, you are restrained by the iron rope,
Timothy Sackton: and he reappears now out from the floor of the of the
Timothy Sackton: this second crystal, and he says he snaps his fingers, and the rope releases itself.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm! Didn't realize you were traveling with natives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes,
Spirala: Did you say something about needing assistance?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes, Well, uh,
there
I I may have caused a little trouble.
Timothy Sackton: Unintentional, of course.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you see.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, something fell from the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: ah!
Raven: But you know how magic is.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes you know It's like hail right There's a little bit of magic forms a little seed, and it bounces around in the atmosphere, and more and more magic gathers around it.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I thought it would be interesting.
Raven: So you took it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, yes, if something falls in something lands on your house. What would you do?
Timothy Sackton: Finders? Um.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's not correct. Finders not keepers. It was mine because it landed on my house.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's Crystal Martin. This is your health?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: and something. You took a piece of my house.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, sure. Why, you steals out.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: yes, magic is strong.
Timothy Sackton: It is very powerful.
Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: is the sense that he might be lying about this, that it just happened. But it didn't pause its attention.
Timothy Sackton: Um, make an insight check.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean
Timothy Sackton: he is definitely a little squiggly.
Spirala: They ask us again
Spirala: particular kind of help. So what is that right? To his reply?
Timothy Sackton: What would you like us to do. Well see now this magic stone
Timothy Sackton: Very interesting. I uh,
Timothy Sackton: wow, I
Timothy Sackton: Some of the friends
Timothy Sackton: I thought, could, you know, maybe help
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: creature! With a with a nose for gems
Timothy Sackton: from A
Timothy Sackton: from the plane of earth, we might know of it
Timothy Sackton: ever been. No,
Eric Rosenbaum: that's where I live. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the elemental plane of earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see I live on the plane of Tel Aviv.
Raven: Well, what exactly happened? Did he take it? Yeah, I bet he took it.
Timothy Sackton: Uh he ate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I was kind of right when you think about it right Like
Spirala: Book eight, say, two magic items will call me in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Raven: So what is actually so? Why, why do you want what he wants to do about it?
Spirala: What happens when he ate it
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: magic started getting weird.
Raven: Yeah, we can tell us where we're here.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: He He ran away
Raven: where they're down.
Raven: Where do you go
Spirala: like further down, inside, here or outside the deeper down in the mountain
Timothy Sackton: I can get you to the Hall of Mirrors.
Raven: Is that where he went?
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: the mirrors show you everything.
Raven: Let's go to the Hall of Mirrors. Wait! Actually, I'll say,
Raven: all right. So you want us to go. Get
Raven: a magic gem
Raven: that you
Timothy Sackton: from it. It it it might be better to just um destroy it and pretend it was never here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How would we destroy it?
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: He looks up at your like massive weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, smash it!
Timothy Sackton: You look like you're good at smashing.
Raven: I do love smashing.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Only problem is, you'll have to uh
Timothy Sackton: somehow. Uh,
Timothy Sackton: wow!
Timothy Sackton: Have you cast many spells since you got here?
Spirala: We've tried not to.
Timothy Sackton: They Um! Come alive.
Raven: Gosh! What?
Eric Rosenbaum: So? You might have to um
Timothy Sackton: kill your spells
Eric Rosenbaum: all right,
Raven: like literally sentient spells.
Timothy Sackton: I um.
Timothy Sackton: I tried to. Uh
hmm,
Timothy Sackton: no, no, no, it's. Okay. You'll be fine, I promise so totally
Raven: how? Oh, i'll say, does this? Is he like a fee?
Raven: Yeah, he's definitely
Raven: famous are the winter nights.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: anybody.
Timothy Sackton: He would definitely have heard of them, giving that he lives on the border of your realm.
Raven: I will just walk up to him
Raven: like my black feathers, like like slowly,
Raven: like
Raven: like roughly ruffle and like puff out,
Raven: and I will just like
Raven: Grab his shoulder.
Raven: I'm like, make sure he can see like my brooch, and I will say,
Raven: what exactly. Did you do
Timothy Sackton: uh make an intimidation check
Raven: there?
Raven: But can I use my inspiration?
Spirala: Yeah, yeah,
Raven: yeah, All right. Good Good thing. I did that.
Raven: Never mind. My second role is worse. Nine!
Timothy Sackton: He he!
Timothy Sackton: He looks over it at um.
Timothy Sackton: The casa
Timothy Sackton: kind of gloomy friend you have. Uh,
Timothy Sackton: does. Does he smile much
Spirala: that is smiling.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, um!
Timothy Sackton: Do you smile much?
Timothy Sackton: I I i'm not sure about that smile.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway. It'll be easy. You just need to go to the Hall of Mirrors find the mirror that shows the reflection of the
Timothy Sackton: creature turned into a statue, step through the mirror, and then just break the statue open and it won't be a problem at all. I promise nothing. Bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry. What? Oh, dear,
Raven: huh?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Each of the hall merits, and then it's easy. You just find the mirror that shows you the reflection of the statue of the Earth creature. I summoned
Timothy Sackton: step through the mirror,
Timothy Sackton: break the statue open and smash the gem. Easy, peasy, no trouble whatsoever.
Spirala: So the Earth creature isn't a creature anymore. Now it's a statue.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, I checked
Raven: Yeah, sure, sure, Bud, sure,
Spirala: and perhaps that transformation involves some magic
Raven: that
Raven: you did possibly
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: no
Eric Rosenbaum: which go
Raven: in insight. There's a difference between needing to know whether or not he's lying and needing to get him to stop lying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh quick, quick question. Um! What is our quest again? What are we trying to do here? We're trying to stop the wild magic storm, and we think that the crystal is the cause of the wild magic storm. So if we break the crystal, the wild magic storm will stop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, What we're trying to do is stop the wild magic storm. So this
Timothy Sackton: it's all ready to go. Oh, I can't hit. Can we like huddle like you do like a group?
Raven: How much force are we willing to
Raven: employ to
get him to tell us anything?
Spirala: I don't think he needs to be brutalized. I think he just needs to be persuaded. I mean,
Spirala: do we look like we're going to say no. Just tell us what we're facing.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you want this statue broken,
Raven: you try,
Timothy Sackton: make up, Make your frustration chat nice,
Eric Rosenbaum: and I.
Raven: I hit him over that head. If he says
Spirala: anything with advantage, or you can use your inspiration. I'll use my inspiration.
Raven: There you go, at least your inspiration. You did something,
Timothy Sackton: he says. Well,
Timothy Sackton: I tried to uh
Timothy Sackton: kill it first
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: lightning bolt and a few other spells
Timothy Sackton: fault of chaotic energy
Eric Rosenbaum: cleaning both the same.
Timothy Sackton: And and when that didn't work I um
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Summoned a big hand of force to protect me. So it wouldn't
Timothy Sackton: tell me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh-huh! Big Hand.
They can
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: what about those things by beat down there, and I don't know what other spells you've asked
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you. The other of Cast are down there,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we will have to face them in some format.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was the polymer of the spell that made me into it,
Eric Rosenbaum: Dragging a lot of they become wide at that fireball.
Raven: I don't know. That's probably that was just like random, wild magic. It seemed like maybe they'll Also, it'll also be a living spell.
Raven: There's there. There. Seems like there's like while magic that happens when you cast a spell and like living spells. But I don't know if every spell becomes a living spell, or if there's some sort of like
Eric Rosenbaum: we haven't actually seen the evidence of the women's belt on them yet, either.
Spirala: Oh,
Spirala: were the things we were fighting living spells, or were they just
Timothy Sackton: inhabitants of this guy's neighborhood. They seem to just please
Timothy Sackton: something caused by they would they were not living spouse,
Raven: I mean. Let's go. He told us what we wanted to know
Raven: it might as well just kill the spells.
Spirala: So this is my Why don't we? Why don't we rest first? Yeah, Can we reach them to say like we can't. I don't want a healing spell so much as I want a long rest and or short rest, and use hit dice because it's fine. A long rest might
Raven: no just a short. I know a short rest.
Raven: I basically get a free heel to full, and it really short rest, because
Raven: basically at the at once we're done with combat, and we're about to short rest. I can just use all my key points on hand the feeling, and then I get that. You can remember Kong. You also have a short rest, healing ability,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the same
Raven: who means healing
Raven: like at any healing at all I need twelve twelve months of healing because we should do my healing before we do hit die, because my healing is like before we rest.
Spirala: Okay? Well, I
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm below Hamilton.
Raven: I have eight d four lost
Raven: twenty four
Raven: fit points,
Raven: so i'll give i'll give sparrella twod six plus, so I d six, so as you get back. Fourteen,
Raven: how much more hip points do you need to be a full?
Spirala: But I I am very good with hit dice. I'll be fine. I do the rest.
Raven: I'll give you also two.
Raven: Oh, gosh! Both ones. Ah, that's eight hip ones.
Raven: I'll! I'll give me Costa to. So that's gonna be. Yeah, Eight eight hip points and I have four more seeker. Are you? Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: I am the dragonfly. I took all of the
Eric Rosenbaum: it does,
Raven: and then that's twenty to me,
Raven: right, and I have one more. So it sorry. What's everyone at?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm only
Spirala: i'm minus eleven.
Raven: I'm minus.
Raven: I mean I might as well give up to you
Spirala: like, I said, if we're going to short rest. But yeah, sure, five more to you,
Spirala: and then we thank you for your rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure much healing.
Raven: I'm just cool like that now, so so I will, so I will take out
Raven: um.
Raven: It will like
Raven: Hold my hand out, and i'll say
Raven: um like the the like white side of my mask. Search like kind of glowing a little, and like a little wind like ruffles the feathers on it.
Raven: I'll say
Raven: winter
Raven: takes,
Raven: but life still survives, and like this blue
Raven: like cooling light, like washes over you, and i'll ah like quickly like pass my hands over everyone who needed healing, and i'll give out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you, Raven.
Raven: What character class for you? I am a way of mate. Yeah, I am a way of mercy, monk, so I can use key points to heal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice, nice,
Raven: and also use key points to do extra damage.
Raven: All right. Wait. What's my head? Die one to eight, this one
Raven: so
Raven: seven more hit points. How do you roll? Hit by again? Dice and I don't know I just rolled the normal amount, and then I don't know how you're supposed to like. Actually do it,
Raven: and I should have reset my key. But you know,
Spirala: so if my one d eight plus two gives me a six. That means it was a four. Yeah.
Spirala: So now it's an eight, because I double it because of my thingy,
Spirala: so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just get four hit points now.
Raven: I only yes, yes, you can get four hit points, so you can just just roll e and you expend one hit. Oh, wait! Does he have like another feature?
Timothy Sackton: I'm. Just not There's no point in tracking. Hit dice, because what do you get it, you can get back. It's easy.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Raven: Everyone ready. Let's go Fight some spells
Timothy Sackton: so uh
Eric Rosenbaum: so it's at first. I just wanted to do a sense, or from where we are.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: for a moment you just like
Timothy Sackton: stunned because you you've never sensed this much
Timothy Sackton: like you are inside a massive mountain of, or you have no way of like in picking up individual
Timothy Sackton: trajectories of anything. You're just It's almost like you're just you're like staring into the Sun basically
Eric Rosenbaum: Brett drinking from the fire.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Spirala: Ooh drinking from a fire host.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: um, I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually Does it make sense to give everyone
Eric Rosenbaum: inspiration?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if they would say inspiration.
Raven: Most of us don't have our inspiration anymore.
Timothy Sackton: No, this is. But actually, Eric, I was going to suggest this. The beginning of the session, and I did it. But let's let's try that. We're using it as a reaction,
Timothy Sackton: the like the d and d one rule that so so rather than giving it out, and having everywhere you forget to use it, you can use it as a reaction to add to somebody else's role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I like that so much better. And when you say it's a reaction. Was it technical?
Timothy Sackton: So, using your right? Okay in reaction to something that happens that just means you can only do one per turn, so you can't. Once you you only get one reaction to return, so you can only do it once per term. You can't like hand out five in advance,
Timothy Sackton: but you can wait till a role fails, and then use that,
Timothy Sackton: and
and
Raven: you can use it. Multi- hands on the same person.
Timothy Sackton: You can use it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, cool. So
Timothy Sackton: no, It's just because I think everybody it's better for you to remember that everybody else to remember, instead of always having to say, Remember you have inspiration. Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Timothy Sackton: This is going to be a complex and chaotic situation. That's the beginning of a strategy for how to handle. So one other thing, remember that so conjure elemental display. You just got it as a casting time of one minute. So if you want to bring an elemental into battle with you, you've got to do it before.
Raven: What is that? What if that gives them an elemental two. It's a risk you might want to take, or you might not want to take.
Raven: I think we're just gonna beat up some spells
Raven: personally, but I don't know how I was gonna say. I mean, I don't know how easy it is for you guys to beat up spells without.
Raven: I mean What we could do is we can test we should. What we should do is we should test like a weaker
Raven: like once we're in battle. We should test like a weaker spell,
Raven: and if, like every spell, if it turns out that, like, we should test on some weaker spells, and if it turns out that, like every spell, turns into a
Raven: turns into a living spell it. We can try and figure out an alternate strategy, but if it's like, only we know it does? No, because I cast burning hands a little one, and it turned into a thing. Did it, though
Spirala: what? What did that one turn into
Timothy Sackton: dad did it turn into a living Sp. The burning hands? We? Ah! It created a wild magic effect. Whether it also turned into a living smell, you don't actually know,
Timothy Sackton: I mean in the hour in the hour we were right below the spot where it was cast, could we not? It did not. It did not appear as a living spell in the spot where it was cast,
Raven: all right. But then again the so if we go down there, and we see a burning hands. We just formulate a different like. We can try and go in stealthily, and if we happen to see a burning hands like a living fire. We can try and
Raven: like formulated strategy. But I think, for now we should go to the Holler mirrors. This place the guy wants us to go to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should just go to the hull, the beers, and then go from there. Strategy wise. Oh, it quickly! Um! How do we fight of magic that if we use magic, it turns into more magic that wants to kill us. Do we just have to not use magic?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's what I was trying to think about. So I mean, I think, by magic. It's like actually spells. So we're probably fine,
Raven: like i'm pretty sure like magic weapons is okay,
Raven: because it's like they're like living spells, not just like a living magic,
Raven: right? But I mean, I think the answer is going to involve a animated ladder
Raven: doesn't the answer always involve an animated ladder. What is this? What does this mean
Eric Rosenbaum: for the main campaign?
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's a Rube letter, and the day,
Raven: anyway.
Raven: Um: So yeah, I think we should just figure out strategy once we've seen what turns into a spell on what? Doesn't
Raven: right? Because, if like lower level spells don't turn into living spells. It's probably we should probably just go in without we We can probably just go in without like a
Raven: um,
Eric Rosenbaum: or maybe
Raven: so Let's just go to the holidayres. Let's follow the that guy What's his name again?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Lauren,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, or follow a Lauren.
Timothy Sackton: So a Lauren takes you down.
Timothy Sackton: He like
Timothy Sackton: pulls a hole into the floor, and he takes you. He like
Timothy Sackton: takes you down to like a chamber that's
Timothy Sackton: that's um just below.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's just below where um
Timothy Sackton: uh where, where he is, where his like little home is.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And you can see that it's not. It's not actually really a hall of mirrors, but it's a like a twenty foot twenty foot room, with like polished crystal, reflective surfaces and all sorts of angles. So you see, like yourselves walking around,
Timothy Sackton: and you catch glimpses in the mirror in like these reflective crystals you see,
Timothy Sackton: like random, weird scenes, like from who knows where occasionally see a reflection of yourself, and, like you'll turn back, and you look at it, and the reflection will like wave its hand at you, even though you're not doing anything.
Timothy Sackton: Um, and he sort of tries to her you along, he says. No, don't look. Don't look quick like move
Timothy Sackton: any points like there's up ahead. You can see that there's one mirror that's that's reflecting. Um what looks like a
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: a big open cave with like cracks in the ceiling and light shining down, and in the center of the cave, which I couldn't get on the mid journey generated image. There was like a fifteen foot statue of this
Timothy Sackton: um creature that looks like It's got like It's got a giant mouth in the center, and then, like four claws around it, and glowing in the middle of that statue is like this, like pulsing light,
Raven: and you should be
Timothy Sackton: that's what swallowed it. Ah!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you can like helping us.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Timothy Sackton: you can walk through the mirror,
Raven: I mean.
Raven: Can we see any other lurking spells through the mirror?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Raven: thanks you.
Raven: Something you probably could tell. Does the scene appear to be updating
Timothy Sackton: like? Are the like moats of light in the air. Yeah, it seems like a live view. You don't have a great
Timothy Sackton: a great view exactly, although you do see, like a like a big sort of purplish blue hand of force, kind of drift into interview.
Raven: That's yeah. So there definitely are living spells down here.
Raven: We've confirmed that that was definitely one.
Raven: You're small, right?
Raven: I propose you just fly through
Raven: just a little bit and see if it's like a port like I'm assuming It's just like a port, but like, see where it comes out
Raven: like, try and just get a better. And just like, quickly come back through and report back. I mean, you can see there's you can see the statue.
Raven: Yeah, but like it's like twenty feet away from the other end. Do you want to just go for it like I mean, there are obviously a bunch of living spells lurking around here. Do we want to try and like, formulate a plan, or should we just like, go hit them?
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have one question,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, for certain types of spells. You can imagine what the living spell might be like like a lightning bolt or a ghostly hand? Or
Eric Rosenbaum: would a living dispel magic spell be?
Raven: Nothing a good question wouldn't exist.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think you would do anything I should eat living spells,
Eric Rosenbaum: or maybe it would be a paradox.
Raven: I think it's probably
Raven: right, because it's a living. Dispel Mat. So it's a it's a spell that dispels itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: But would it to spell itself, or would it? It is a spell. I mean the spells. The thing is to dispel magic spell to spells all spells in a zone.
Raven: You might not to just try and find out. I'm. Assuming a living dispel magic would dispel itself.
Raven: I mean, maybe not. I think we should try that
Raven: all right
Eric Rosenbaum: also. If it could meet other spells, Would it either spells or are they gonna kill us?
Eric Rosenbaum: These are all interesting questions. I think we should just go through the and go through the portal and start hitting things over the head.
Spirala: There's only one thing in the head.
Raven: Um, let me check. Wait, Let me check. If there's anything I actually do like battle prepwise just
Raven: really quick.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, hey, really, Kong, can you? Can you hop on role? Twenty, Because I have a map for this? It's um.
Timothy Sackton: It's the it's not the tag I revisited. It's a maammar, or happened Flash No, it's neither one it's one shot. Here I'm putting the link in chat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you, Oops. Oh, gosh! It's a lot of things.
Raven: Oh, Nar,
Timothy Sackton: that was the wrong link. That was the giant dragon play. There is the link.
Raven: It should be a real initiative before we go through this.
Raven: Yeah, that's one initiative. Please be good. I like being first.
Raven: Nineteen is fine. I won't be last
um
Raven: twenty o
Raven: it's like nineteen, but better i'm so better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, that's not very good.
Raven: I mean twenty and nineteen is actually really good. We're probably I mean It looks like there are a lot of things, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God, my thing is not linked. It's really weird. I rolled it to Tim.
Raven: Uh yeah, it pops up, and it doesn't matter if it's not linked. It's shows up. It pops up and D and d beyond. It could be a fight where I actually want to have things to be scared of me.
Raven: I can make. Oh, I should have frightened It's fine. That would have helped him with intimidation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, let me put you all out here.
Timothy Sackton: So when you, when you step through the mirror, you appear like right up against this wall.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: over the top there. Oh, look the token I asked for.
Raven: I wonder why it looks like that almost like I
Raven: i'm confused. I don't know why i'm talking
Raven: way, that I am
Timothy Sackton: okay. So you see, in front of you, as you step through this like open cavern of gems uh all sort of clustered around this mirror. There is a big statue here with this like glowing purple heart, and it seems like you might have to crack the statue before you can do anything else.
Timothy Sackton: There is a hand in force nearby.
Timothy Sackton: Um! There is a giant boulder that seems to be lining up to smash into you. Um! In the far distance there is a glowing, burning hand. There is a lightning bolt floating around
Timothy Sackton: over in the corner. There's a huge dragonfly,
Timothy Sackton: and then there's three like small little bolts of chaotic energy that keep shifting their form.
Timothy Sackton: So it's. You. Don't know how long it takes a spell to be to
Timothy Sackton: at least
Timothy Sackton: minimum time
Timothy Sackton: it could take as long a matter for spouse to show up.
Raven: But minimum times like a minute, because we didn't see it. Yeah, we do, because there's a time period where we oh, cause they appear here. So we don't know what the minimum time is.
Raven: You should try and just cast a spell. It's. Really, you should just cast a weakish spell
Raven: like any first-level spell that could be useful. And just see if it appears instantly
Raven: or like, see what happens, basically
Spirala: I mean, should I go for a weekish spell of tests that it could be useful? Or should I just try the spell magic? Because that was our other question. Oh, yeah, this phone magic could be cool. But what do we want to try and wait Here, Let me look at this. I just smell the most powerful looking thing there. Right?
Raven: Yeah, I'm trying to. I'm trying to
Raven: spell magic, because I think it might also have a big enough radius that you can.
Raven: The spell is any spell of third level or lower, though
Raven: so if we cast it, and, like the living spell, counts as a higher than Third Level thing does like nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: You
Raven: I'm assuming they are a magical effect.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know you've never seen a living spell before.
Raven: Yeah, It's A. It's just one target.
Raven: You can try to spell magic in the big, the like, the the force hand.
Raven: That's what I would do,
Raven: because it was going by their spell type lightning. But it's a third level spell, so that might be
Raven: hard to dispel.
Spirala: Well, it's still My, it's a little stuff. Um: Oh, yeah,
Spirala: i'm, David, you're nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I know. What are you casting this about magic on
Spirala: um the hand,
Spirala: I mean, I could do something quite far away. But maybe I should be something far away in case it like explodes or something.
Spirala: And
Raven: but the other things that seem to be dangerous so far, or for their way. Does this this like, who's actually there? Or is that just like the map? Yeah, There was a pool of mercury of like brownish Mercury right there. Do you think I could just it count as liquid?
Timothy Sackton: It's like liquid metal.
Raven: I can walk across any liquid
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you to see what you want to do, but it's not your turn yet. So
Raven: I am.
Spirala: He spell magic.
Spirala: I was trying to measure, to see if this like vaguely threatening looking lightning bolt
Spirala: was any.
Spirala: Yeah, I'm going to cast it on this thing that's further away. Just so
Spirala: big lightning bolt. Yeah, I can get to the White House, I think.
Raven: Yeah, I I can. But but i'd rather have you whack a hands than
Spirala: so i'm casting. Why, i'm on the lightning.
Raven: I'm probably going to buy that statue.
Raven: I'm probably going to whack the statue. Honestly,
Raven: we want to get. We want to finish it.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Spirala: Did I cast it, or just
Spirala: you can read the spell like, What is that thing with there?
Timothy Sackton: Look! Cast! You can cast it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Spirala: um! Oh, that was
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: uh sorry. Hold on. Let me just check one thing here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Raven: what? Ah,
Timothy Sackton: well, I'm just trying to decide what
Raven: what to do about the despair Magic.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Okay, so um
Timothy Sackton: uh on the you cast on the hand.
Spirala: No, I carefully on the lightning the big ramming bolts in the bottom left.
Timothy Sackton: Uh okay, it uh, let's see
Timothy Sackton: it like
Timothy Sackton: quiver. It doesn't vanish, but it quivers in place briefly, and it appears to be
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It appears to be at least temporarily stunned
Raven: like stunned condition.
Timothy Sackton: You also see, as you cast the spell
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in Yeah, okay, gosh! Does it turn into a spellman to spell a magic monster?
Raven: It's like a loving aura of mist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, does it turn into a spell of magic monster, and then attack the other spells for us?
Raven: Um, I bet it doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Uh let's see uh
Timothy Sackton: um, like
Timothy Sackton: as the dispel magic like is holding this thing quivering. You notice two things. One is
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: center of the statue begins to like pulse slightly in this light like it's sort of absorbing energy.
Timothy Sackton: Second like around you, you feel like the air thicken
Timothy Sackton: um you for the next.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: For the next twenty four hours you have resistance to forced image, but your speed is reduced by ten feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strange! What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, it's just a the world magic it doesn't have the magic effect that has random. Alright, So this this this: looks like. It's absorbing energy.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like It's blinking or
Timothy Sackton: doing something, and string a spell, dash up to it,
Raven: and I will
Raven: like the statue is moving and doing something or the thing in the No, No, the light that's pulsing inside of it. All right. I'm just going to try and break the statue.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: take a swing on it.
Raven: Short sword
Timothy Sackton: uh claims harmlessly off of it,
Raven: because there was a short certain, because I missed
because you missed
Timothy Sackton: it clangs harmlessly off of it again.
Raven: I'll turn and go hit the big Pc:
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Raven: I'm: going to worry, I think.
Raven: Yeah, I'm: a flurry.
Raven: Okay,
Raven: Yeah, I'm: sorry
Timothy Sackton: that it's.
Raven: But then
Raven: yeah, ten damage and
Raven: um,
Raven: i'll do an extra hand of harming
Raven: and of harm so like my and so ten plus eight
Raven: um. So the first hit is eighteen on that,
Raven: and then the second one to hit
Raven: is just a normal on strike. It's going to be
Raven: twenty-five to hit
Raven: Yeah. And then another nine. Damage.
Raven: Okay. So I just
Raven: run up to the
Raven: after uselessly hitting the crystal. I run up to the hand, and just
Raven: my black feathers like
Raven: um low and pulse a little, and my like little
Raven: like froths, gathers like around my white glove,
Raven: and I hit them
Raven: hand for like this like leeching
Raven: tack. And then just punch it
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as Raven finishes their attack, this boulder begins to roll and gather speed,
Timothy Sackton: Max into uh both.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Whoever those two people are, seeker i'm in Cusperella eight, six uh no seeker ands bra, and you both have to make a dexterity saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man,
Eric Rosenbaum: I trip and fall directly into the boulder.
Timothy Sackton: Uh she's not rolling so well. Speaker, you take fifteen points of legending damage. Um, sprella. You take half of that and seeker. You're also pushed five feet away. So
Spirala: yeah, um, fifteen is seven or eight,
Timothy Sackton: because you ran down the lightning bolt quivering in place. Does nothing
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: see sixty feet of movement
Timothy Sackton: uh the dragonfly is going to
Timothy Sackton: fly up in the air and come down right there
Timothy Sackton: and lunge at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Casa. No,
Timothy Sackton: with this bite,
Timothy Sackton: which is going to be a twenty to hit.
Timothy Sackton: You take a grand total of eight points of piston image. Nope,
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: force hand is going to punch.
Timothy Sackton: Ah
Raven: hunt, Raven, That's a twenty two to hit,
Timothy Sackton: and you take twenty eight points of force damage,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it also
Raven: pushes you five feet away,
Timothy Sackton: and then it is going to
Raven: how. But her.
Raven: I heard a lot. I'm gonna have to steal your life now.
Timothy Sackton: Sixty feet. So one
Timothy Sackton: to
Timothy Sackton: three,
Timothy Sackton: four, five,
Timothy Sackton: six, seven, eight, nine, ten
Timothy Sackton: to there.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Raven: coward. The winter's cold will fight. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: coming for Raven,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: these things moving, moving here. Um,
Timothy Sackton: three bolts of chaotic energy fly out of these three things.
Timothy Sackton: Um all directed at Raven,
Raven: but that is going to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so. Twenty three,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like all of our
Timothy Sackton: fifty, One, Miss I've been Venice
Timothy Sackton: and a twenty
Raven: to hit.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we shouldn't spend all of our energy just trying to kill everything on this map right like we should focus all of our energy on trying to kill like the
Eric Rosenbaum: the problem. Yeah, I it has a very. It's very resistant to things.
Timothy Sackton: Um. You take fourteen points of acid damage from the first one.
Raven: How
Timothy Sackton: is poison an option? Please be poison, and you take seventeen points of lightning damage from the second one.
Raven: Oh,
Raven: I am ow very much ow
Raven: raven, like drops to one knee like
Raven: white attitude, and lightning off their face, but definitely looking very. I'm at four
Raven: we're hip once. Yeah, I dropped very fast. I took like
Raven: I'm at my. My Max is sixty-three. They just it's so much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we hear you
Raven: by getting you myself. I have a bunch of is your best way to heal,
Raven: so I just haven't used it yet. So I basically I can heal myself. But it's a problem. If I don't get to my next turn, it's a problem.
Timothy Sackton: This thing is going to dash fifty feet. My God!
Timothy Sackton: But it's dashing. So that's all I can do. Seeker you're up.
Raven: I hope I don't
Raven: seeker.
Timothy Sackton: The strategy in Dnd is to unleash everything you can at the very beginning, because the more enemies you take off the board
Timothy Sackton: the better off. You'll do
Timothy Sackton: right, I think i'm gonna go ahead like this. How how close to dead. Does this look like how wounded does this thing? Pretty wounded definitely below half of its hit points seekers turn, and then the
Timothy Sackton: the spell magic apparently stuns these things. So that's also potentially useful to know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Seeker
Oops
Raven: seeker. You and me cost us should coordinate what you're attacking to try and get something next,
Timothy Sackton: and remember you have all your fancy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: abilities, armies, all of them. But I feel I feel like I feel like I should like. Run up and try to attack like the giant crystal do thing in the middle. So that's like the fucking, like the guy that needs to go to Emily.
Raven: I mean he hasn't done anything yet. Actually,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's like
Timothy Sackton: That's possible.
Raven: I mean. He also is a really high Ac.
Timothy Sackton: Well, Obama Sixteen. This is really high
Timothy Sackton: heck. Do you know what you're gonna do?
Timothy Sackton: You are having Wi-fi issues?
Raven: Yeah, it looks like why don't you do your turn because you're next after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I can do like some crazy shit. I can do like four attacks with like advantage, and do some serious damage that I just run up and try to attack the boss and just like it's just try and like, kill it If you do a lot of damage. I can
Raven: also do a lot of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, it's not allowing me to move my eye content. But I
Timothy Sackton: oh, uh,
Timothy Sackton: let me.
Timothy Sackton: I can hold on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I don't know what is going on with my wife,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but it just It's going through this cycle where it and kicks me over and over again. You're good. We can hear you. Can you move me to the square like directly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um kind of diagonal down
Timothy Sackton: from left. One more left, one more. There you go. So the dragonfly is going to take a swipe at you as you run out of its reach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: which is going to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh sixteen, so that misses all right. Ten, i'm gonna do all the things right now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. So i'm going to do four attacks, and i'm going to do the thing where I've got advantage on on all the attacks. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then how do I make that even more nasty? There's like another thing I can do to make it even ask you minus five to hit, plus ten to damage all of them, or just for one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: may as well do all. Let's do a problem.
Raven: So well, Maybe
Raven: if it has a high, C, I guess you have advantage. But like
Timothy Sackton: just just let them wrong. Yes, sir, let's go. That's going to be eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You get a tax.
Timothy Sackton: So eight rolls. But for attacks
all right, here we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Twenty-five,
Timothy Sackton: not it.
Raven: Oh, wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also I just do I should do just through eight roles, and then see what happens. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Uh: yeah, yeah, Just to eight rules. So twenty-five, twenty, one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh i'm rolling really? Well, twenty, seven,
Timothy Sackton: So two hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Twenty-five.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Twenty-three
Raven: three heads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many is this? So far?
Timothy Sackton: So three hits so far rolled rolled? Twice two more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man. This is going to be a lot of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, dim it natural. One ten. Okay. So three of the four a tax hit. Oh, but um
Timothy Sackton: uh that's only a ten, so I don't know, but I can do it. I could do an inspiration. I had one that was like a um uh, Were you tracking all the roles.
Timothy Sackton: Uh: yeah, but you already have advantage. So you can't get inspiration. Doesn't help you. I see. Okay. But Seeker can give you inspirate can do a reaction. Yes, do that, miss. I think my Internet is
Eric Rosenbaum: working now. I don't know what was going on. Sorry. Give me the inspiration sicker. Okay, I give you the inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: So roll the what is it? D ten,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does that make it? Twenty, three, twenty, five?
Timothy Sackton: No. It makes the fifteen seventeen which still misses. Yeah, Okay. But you two extra points of thunder damage. So you roll. So you do three d ten
Timothy Sackton: plus
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: thirty, three d ten plus forty-five. Den, boy, would those of us still hit? If they were minus five
Timothy Sackton: they would have all still hit. Yes, i'm doing the minus five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How's it? What are you? What are you here? We're you're on my side. We're we're we're we're we're we're we need ten threed. Oh, wait a minute, You also. Have the
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you also have your the ability to. If you miss with an attack you can add
Timothy Sackton: an extra three, and you can use your
Timothy Sackton: You can use your fortune's blade to add an extra d four after you, miss with an attack.
Timothy Sackton: Let's do all those things. So you're now up to a fifteen on your
Timothy Sackton: missed attack. So roll your d four
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seventeen.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're one off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Start.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was he attacking
Raven: the Stat? He's attacking the statue? Just It's just kind of smashed it.
Timothy Sackton: So so roll your damage, which is going to be threed ten plus forty, five,
Raven: Gosh! It's all three cents.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was it three to ten, plus forty, five and plus forty, five, Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seventeen plus forty, five,
Eric Rosenbaum: fifty-two. Well, sixty, sixty, sixty, sixty, one sixty, two
Timothy Sackton: you like smash at it three times, and each time you hit
Timothy Sackton: ah! Like shards of crystal, fly up and
Timothy Sackton: hit you
Timothy Sackton: for a total of twelve points of damage from the three hats. I can take four points of damage. You take twelve points of damage. The shards of crystal are flying out of it, but you you started to like
Timothy Sackton: crack a hole into the statue. Um! It's not. It's not completely smashed open, but it's definitely getting there. It's like done more than half of its damage. Um
Timothy Sackton: uh!
Timothy Sackton: And it's you can see now like this light. This, like glowing ball inside, is like starting to become more and more prominent,
Timothy Sackton: and seekers next try speakers turn
Eric Rosenbaum: um, so I missed some stuff because my,
Timothy Sackton: if I was grabbing out. But so me casa ran up and attacked the statue there. A bunch of damage. I did a bunch of damage to it. There's still like a bunch of spells floating around that are going to whale on you. If you don't manage to kill one of them,
Timothy Sackton: and then we also just a pool of liquid metal. There, too. There's a pool of liquid metal, the most wounded spell so far is this one is the force hand.
Raven: I will spend my turn on spell damage control.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. That's helpful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Raven: which will also you know your health right a little. I mean one d six, plus three, plus two d eight,
Eric Rosenbaum: because of collections.
Eric Rosenbaum: What spell do I have? That will do the most damage to that statue looks like fifteen
of,
Raven: and probably kill something, if not to some things,
Raven: and uses a lot of key points. So a Fifth level, erupting earth.
Raven: Whoa!
Raven: You do that like here? Where's the What's the radius of that?
Eric Rosenbaum: The radius of that is a three foot twenty foot cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um. So I can just basically center it on the statue of
Raven: Yeah, I think if you center it like, there you can hit
Raven: two, three, four,
Raven: twenty twenty foot sides
Eric Rosenbaum: the twenty-four Cuban.
Raven: So if you send her it
Raven: there, one, two,
Raven: technically couldn't hit all three of them, I don't think,
Raven: but maybe you can. Maybe i'm doing my master.
No, it's four by four. So
Raven: yeah, you just barely can't hit all three.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can at two of them,
Raven: but still better than hitting one of them.
Timothy Sackton: Why, you can hit.
Timothy Sackton: You can hit that.
Timothy Sackton: Not really. Yeah. No, there's not really a
Timothy Sackton: You can hit these two, or you can hit these two, these two,
Timothy Sackton: these two, or you can hit
Timothy Sackton: these two.
Raven: I would probably hit the statue, and something I like this statue in the fairball with my fifth level. All right, so I can go ahead and beat the the hand in verse.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice.
Timothy Sackton: So as the Us. Drops
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: Can the statue dodge out of the way? No, but maybe the burning hands can uh
Timothy Sackton: no um. The
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: burning hands is destroyed as rocks just tear through it and disperse the magical energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um!
Timothy Sackton: The statue is not destroyed, but does like shift slightly, and, like one of its legs, cracks a little bit
Timothy Sackton: uh It's a yeah, it's a deck savings. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: The statue is not very dexterous. No, not very dexterous. Now,
Spirala: all right. Um,
Spirala: what is
Raven: How worried are we about me dying?
Raven: I can. You'll
Raven: two
Raven: d eight, plus one d six,
Raven: like Max on my turn.
Raven: So are you saying that you? I mean It's I'm: basically we're going to be at like sixteen by the end of my turn, most likely. Do we think that's enough?
Spirala: Um. I mean, I guess if we think that there's nothing useful I can do in. I was going to mobilize the dragonfly. Is the dragonfly really wounded?
Timothy Sackton: Now it hasn't been touched
Eric Rosenbaum: because I was going to dispel magic. The dragonfly can you have? Is it concentration?
Spirala: No
Raven: three?
Spirala: But I can only cast one action,
Spirala: so I have to pick whether I did we learn what the spell magic does.
Raven: Yeah, it's done.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Well, you could probably hit the lightning bold again,
Raven: right? The The lightning bolt seemed unstunned. Now,
Raven: yeah, after it,
Raven: I feel like the lightning bolt could be something that could be doing a lot of damage. I don't know
Raven: it like a hot, really high-level spell lighting Bolt:
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Spirala: So it might be like the strongest one. I think I had missed the fact that we thought that was unstunned.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no, I I I missed it, too. But wait! Is it unstunned? So I might actually redispel magic the the lightning?
Raven: It seems pretty good.
Spirala: Um,
Spirala: yeah, I think I can still see it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Spirala: no, not behind a giant boulder. You can't. You might have to move a little bit. Then can I move past the giant boulder without
Timothy Sackton: it's an opportunity to tax for that.
Timothy Sackton: Raven Doesn't. Have to disengage.
Raven: I am not disengaging
Spirala: whatever you said. Sure, just put me some place. It's good.
Timothy Sackton: Well, do you want to take an opportunity attack, or I mean you could.
Timothy Sackton: You could go there, or you could go there, but then it would get the bolder. We get an opportunity attack on you, but if the bolt gets an opportunity attack on you, it doesn't get one on me.
Spirala: But you're
Spirala: my heel after I attack.
Raven: I have to move to attack
Raven: because I want to hit the big, the the ham, so it dies. Oh, you don't want to hit the boulder. No, cause the hands really close to dying so it'll remove some damage
Spirala: all right. Handed twenty-eight to me and one hit. I'm scared, and I will draw the fire of the boulder, where, by moving the further distance, and then dispel magic on the lightning board again.
Timothy Sackton: The boulder hits you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! For eleven points of bludgeoning damage and the magic, the lightning bolts. Can a bolter be blinded,
Timothy Sackton: and probably not
Timothy Sackton: Ah, seems unlikely.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The lightning boat resists the stun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no,
Raven: Raymond, you're up all right. I will run one, two, three, four.
Raven: Does that change by the fact that they can run on top of liquid. Yep. Nope,
Raven: no, all right.
Raven: Fourteen I will. The four you fall prone right here.
Timothy Sackton: So that was one, two fifteen.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're prone. You can spend twenty-five feet of movement, and you still have. You can still make it. You know just use all your movement. But then I, if I kill this, I can't get full healing.
Raven: Basically, I want to roll really badly on damage
Raven: like this is going to be a really ineffective, whatever. I'll be here so I can as a statue, too. Okay,
Raven: All right.
Raven: So um
Raven: crystal sword on the hand. Okay,
Raven: nineteen, miss
Raven: on the hand. Yep.
Raven: What
Timothy Sackton: uh? You can use key fueled strike if you want to add
Timothy Sackton: extra hit extern from your head.
Raven: Oh, gosh! Why does it so good?
Raven: Um, I can use inspiration. So yeah, I need that to do that. I give you inspiration. How much has that?
Timothy Sackton: Nine more? Okay, That hits And it does nine points of damage to the
Timothy Sackton: to the hands.
Raven: Hmm
Raven: uh,
Raven: uh, And it's such a bad role and takes eight. I don't think it's even worse healing that because it's one hit point
Raven: eight. Okay.
Raven: I don't talk again.
Raven: I miss
Raven: um,
Raven: yes, all right, and then I will unarmed. I'll flurry blows.
Hey?
Raven: Laurie blows. Yeah,
Raven: uh
Raven: unarmed Strike!
Raven: Why am I rolling so bad? I guess it's not that bad?
Timothy Sackton: What is Keyfield? Strike? What is that you can add
Timothy Sackton: for every key you spend.
Raven: Is that not like a specific? Is that like you don't have your You don't have optional features on.
Raven: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: If you spend one key point. Sorry focused. Aim.
Timothy Sackton: You increase your attack, row by two for each key point you spend.
Raven: Do we think a twenty will hit
Raven: a nineteen myth.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta make a choice.
Raven: Can I keep spending key points and increments of one?
Raven: Yeah, All right. I'll spend the key point. Okay, that hits
Raven: all right.
Raven: Um, i'll spend another key point, for h of harm
Raven: is poisoned.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Raven: uh, and that will be
Raven: eleven plus
Raven: eight extra damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that kills that,
Raven: and then I remember I had to stop poisoned, I guess, and then I will heal. I will use my last flurry attack to heal five
Timothy Sackton: you punch through the so effective you punch through the hand, and if vanishes in this like puff of
Timothy Sackton: of
Timothy Sackton: energy dissipating um, the catapult is going to smash into you two again, so both make decks. Saves doesn't have very much momentum here, so it's going to be less damaged,
Timothy Sackton: Ron, and seek your next save uh
Timothy Sackton: you take eight points of damage. Seeker. You take four points of the image
Timothy Sackton: um lightning bolts.
Timothy Sackton: I had probably the least effective healing journey could possibly have
Eric Rosenbaum: It's It's not your mind up secret. And'sbrella make uh dexterity savings, you guys. Okay, as a blast of lightning shoots out from
Timothy Sackton: the lightning balls.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, Gosh! Eager! You take twenty eight points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: You take fourteen points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you guys? Okay, i'm. So i'm still standing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So So you get hit, no matter what, with lightning bolt, it's either just half. Or if you make a
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's dragonflies can't be blinded, either.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's not a lot of blinding creatures. Here. Unfortunately, the giant dragonfly is going to bite at um casa
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and miss and mess
Timothy Sackton: Big Lee's hand is dead. These guys don't get their spells back yet. They're gonna go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this music, too. I like this like, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: longer battle style,
Timothy Sackton: and then one, two,
Raven: My gosh! I guess I want that would be it. I guess I won't go attack the lightning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for five. Oh, boy,
i'm in trouble.
Timothy Sackton: What's up with all these little landing bolts are those little lightning bolts? What the?
Timothy Sackton: And now we're back to the big hitters. Seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Timothy Sackton: And now you can see the the light is growing stronger around this, probably in
Timothy Sackton: fifteen to thirty seconds a spell is going to spew out of its mouth,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at which mouth the mouth of the statue
Timothy Sackton: that I that I that I did have half the damage of
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, fifteen seconds is three. You have at least two rounds, but kill it.
Spirala: It's a it's um
Raven: difficult, difficult terrain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that lightning balls is also pretty nasty there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I I I want to get out of line of sight of the light enrolled
Timothy Sackton: that would become the
Eric Rosenbaum: dimension door.
Timothy Sackton: I was like wall of stone if you were talking about line of sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Oh, wait. Austin can do damage, too.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean it blocks. It can trap somebody. It blocks light in sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, but
Eric Rosenbaum: also,
Eric Rosenbaum: or the creature can be pushed
Timothy Sackton: if the wall cuts through its space. Yeah, but you don't want you. Don't want that, because that might get it. That may mean it's not trapped.
Raven: You should try and trap the lightning bolt. If you can do that,
let me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a quick question. Yeah, I counterspell a living spell to prevent it from doing its actions, You could counter, spell it from casting a spell
Timothy Sackton: when it shoots lightning at you. But you can't just make it vanish that I mean you could turn it on, and it's trying. Try and counter spell It's attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's it. I mean, so I can do that. The counter spill
Eric Rosenbaum: because we don't even know what level is, anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just
Eric Rosenbaum: you by using wall of stone to push the statue into the pool of liquid metal, but
Eric Rosenbaum: it would just fall over it. It was a huge interrupting earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: well, that's a good role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you putting it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't say that First you can do. You can hit these three
Eric Rosenbaum: if you go like there. Yeah, like there,
Eric Rosenbaum: although what are those little things
Raven: they did like eighty like half my points in one round
Timothy Sackton: all right. Yo no good.
Eric Rosenbaum: The left there. Yeah, those two are destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, forty, five more damage. Hold on, let me add this out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: The statue is like teetering on one leg
next
Eric Rosenbaum: it's going to move also. I'll just move like this moving in there for me
Eric Rosenbaum: and like, Yeah, let's do that thing.
Timothy Sackton: Uh: Oh, and I don't forgot a few of these. Let me
Spirala: go ahead and forget It's fine
Raven: wild magic
Timothy Sackton: uh magic.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, and we got some. Where are you doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to continue attacking. But the crystal giant thing. I I can't do that thing. I get it. I did again right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh, you can just make two. You can do advantage, but you can only make two attacks, and I can't do the uh, the we extra the demo, the extra damage thing again. Yeah, you can do that. Still. Okay, cool. I will. Yeah, I'll do. I'll do two attacks,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: both with advantage and do the uh, Yeah. Okay, uh
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, Raven, make a dexterity saving throw.
Raven: I keep rolling fours on these hopefully, this is not a four.
Raven: It was a seventeen. I'm fine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. You dodge out of the way as a glass fear appears and then vanishes like a glass. Fear of sport force appears around you, but you duck out of the way before it can close and close you,
Timothy Sackton: and the magic drifts through all of your brains, and everybody learns one wizard can trip that, you know, for the next three days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. That's our rolling
Timothy Sackton: uh yup and um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. Nice twenty six
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's gonna hit twenty, six hits even with the minus five,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thirteen misses
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eleven misses. Come on, Give me some gear,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. I only hit one with twenty six hits. So that's Wendy ten plus fifteen,
Timothy Sackton: the statues teetering on one leg. So twenty, two damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that knocks it over really
Timothy Sackton: falls backwards,
Eric Rosenbaum: cracks open,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see the um. Oh, and you take
Timothy Sackton: Ah, both you and Raven take
Timothy Sackton: one point of damage from the shards that fly out of it. Oh, and the dragonfly to
Timothy Sackton: what I take! What one point of damage! Oh, no,
Timothy Sackton: you're still alive. It's one night, and my hit points the there's shot. The statue splits open, you can see like in the center of it, where it's stomach would be This sort of bluish green
Timothy Sackton: orb of it's sort of a bit of a like a writhing mass. It looks like almost a
Timothy Sackton: giant collection of
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like
Timothy Sackton: little tiny magic worms, or something swirling around inside a crystal ball.
Raven: All right.
Timothy Sackton: That's gonna bring us back to Sprella.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then you're going to take the the giant off the board right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, yeah. So the statue has
Timothy Sackton: has collapsed.
Timothy Sackton: There is now this much smaller.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the the sort of the mad, the core of magic that the the creature swallowed is still there. It's like this swirling sort of bluish ball of
here I use.
They use that.
Spirala: Can I smash that with my mace,
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: if you want to.
Spirala: I mean, did we just didn't we say we were going to come and smash the thing that was the instruction.
Spirala: Do we trust the crazy
Raven: we're going to?
Timothy Sackton: I'm. Just requesting whether your maze given that you have a
Raven: bad strength.
Timothy Sackton: Eight strength is going to be better than something like guiding bolts, or
Raven: I'm just trying to avoid wild magic effects here, just sacred flame them which the good flame, doesn't
Timothy Sackton: spiritual weapon, with all sorts of possible options, but
Raven: sacred flame I was. I was trying to learn a a smashing can trip quickly, but I couldn't find.
Raven: May jammed
Timothy Sackton: that one's smashly straight. There's not really any. I mean, fire bolts is probably
Raven: they could have,
Raven: anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, Okay, is that better? Better? No, no,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't. I don't hear anything that
Spirala: everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's possible that you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you mute yourself for a Saxon?
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, that's better.
Raven: You somehow. I don't know what you're doing.
Yeah, that's strange.
Spirala: Alright. I'll just
Spirala: sacred flame. The thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did the feedback stop
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, It automatically fails deck. Save so roll your damage.
Spirala: Oh, that's a good role.
Timothy Sackton: Um! It like starts to crack in half.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not quite broken. But you can see it cracking, and there's like this line of magic that's shooting out from the front of it.
Timothy Sackton: Raven, You're up.
Raven: I will take Well, I can't take an opportunity. I'll borrow a section. Just engage.
Raven: That's one key point. I need to open my character sheet up again. I was looking at Wizard. Can trips
Raven: uh features and Trades key. Spend the key. All right? Yeah. So uh bono section just gauge um.
Raven: I'll walk up,
Raven: and
Raven: i'll say,
Raven: actually i'll just hit it.
Raven: Okay, twenty-seven.
Timothy Sackton: You hit it
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: ah cracks!
Timothy Sackton: Cracks in half, and if the whole room begins to vibrate for a second, fireworks like, shoot out um
Raven: almost like raising sword, and just your your your skin
Timothy Sackton: raven turns a vibrant shade of blue. Oh, no one can see my skin, anyway. No one, No one realizes anything happens, and eight snakes shoot out of your fingertips. Oh, gosh! As you destroy it! Just tiny little snakes,
Timothy Sackton: but permanently attached steaks, or like for you right now, like like like fireworks. Snakes that shoot out. Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah, speaker,
Timothy Sackton: your fingers views together, and your hands temporarily turn into sharp spikes that you can
Timothy Sackton: dig through stuff with. But you cannot manipulate objects,
Timothy Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
Timothy Sackton: you shrink for one minute,
Timothy Sackton: too tiny. So there's this tiny little dwarf
Timothy Sackton: running around with
Timothy Sackton: uh mol hands.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mikasa, you grow spectral wings of of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um, which lasts for a minute,
Timothy Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ah!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I stab myself in the throat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, you you gain of you know your lowest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, you use the whole access tin. Do you have like a random spell generator thing over there, or you just like, Yeah, that's fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the spells vanish.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as as the spells fade, you start to feel the magic
Timothy Sackton: rebalancing um seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: as well. You you sense like the sort of flow begin to
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: uh fade, and head pops out to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: It popping.
Timothy Sackton: Looks at you, puzzled for a moment. Seeker.
Timothy Sackton: It's like
Timothy Sackton: who takes takes like a takes like a Geo out of his pocket, and like walks over and hands it to you, and says,
Timothy Sackton: I hope you got better.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's you. You can keep this.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you. I I I think you I think you fixed it.
Eric Rosenbaum: How good!
Timothy Sackton: Hmm
Eric Rosenbaum: up it was! Not even
Timothy Sackton: were there a lot of spells down here. It it looked like there were a lot of spells, but some of that was your fault. It wasn't on me.
Raven: Yeah, that's true.
Raven: You know these these doofuses and their spells.
Please be careful with your lightning bolts.
Timothy Sackton: Well, um!
Raven: The hand was the most knowing one.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Sorry about that. Are you going up or down, or out, or in or back, or forward, or out and up?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. He like starts swimming to the rock, leaving like a tunnel behind him,
Timothy Sackton: with like little steps carved into it like actually no, from his super long hair he, like that soft little
Raven: pieces of hair that then grow into the wall, forming like a rope ladder. Going up. I walk up the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a nice row, planner,
Timothy Sackton: and he like swims up to the through the rock to the top of the
Timothy Sackton: the Crystal Mountain, and there's like a little flat spot where you can look out and see
Timothy Sackton: um out across the um
Timothy Sackton: back out across the plains, and you can see that the magic has kind of calm like you can sense that everything's sort of starting to calm down again.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Oh, and sorry I forgot to say this.
Timothy Sackton: So um seeker when you return your like this. Geo. Like
Timothy Sackton: cracks open,
Timothy Sackton: and you can. You can feel that it's like been infused with this magical energy, and you can like, See how each
Timothy Sackton: little in There's like
Timothy Sackton: lots of little gems, and you can see like, Oh, if you could just figure out how to like shape and arrange them in the right way, you could probably use that to like. Do some
Timothy Sackton: this like manipulate magic in the same way that this wild magic field was doing, but in a controlled manner.
Timothy Sackton: It will take a little bit of study and crafting to get it to work, but as the like geode cracks open, you can like see, like each little gem contains like a coiled spring of sort of magical energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you're muted, You're a muted, you can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it? Is it? Still they feedback to you. Yeah, okay. I was just gonna say a secret, don't you have like a Fanos glove.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was hypothetical. I think this is what this is the beginning of the tennis club. Yeah, he's trying to make it the most of what
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker's magic item is his leg.
Timothy Sackton: He wants to educate him. That will let him do Meta Magic.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Through a like a glove or a set of rings or something. And the gems are the beginning of the formation of that magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Raven: you're part right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why you have inspiration, you guys, are You're still muted, Kong.
Raven: Well,
Raven: that's better. That was better better better. Better. That's fine good,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
Timothy Sackton: So at this point, since you're not
Timothy Sackton: you, you're not joining us next week. Right, Kong. You have something on the eleventh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm potentially free. Actually, I'm maybe free. I may be in California. I may be free. I don't know you.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, we'll leave your characters choices
Timothy Sackton: for the moment. Okay, cool. Yeah, uh, Mikasa either returns to uh
Timothy Sackton: their realm, their realm or continues on. And
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Sperella and Raven volunteer to guide, Seeker through
Timothy Sackton: shimmer song to get to the portal that you're ultimately trying to find
Timothy Sackton: Nice, and that is where we'll pick up next adventure. And i'm tired. But yeah, as I go to bed. It was super fun.
Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh, I think it was like far and away the best one like you like. Whatever he says, let's do that, like uh, like far away, the best role player out of all those
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally had the most descriptive flesh. That character was like the most interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was one of my favorite parts of it. It's just the description
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that was amazing. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, Kong and Eric, Should we? Can we try and find the time schedule right now. Yeah, let's schedule right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um. Kenzo, too. Yeah, you guys want to do next week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, it's pretty sure for me. Actually. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Timothy Sackton: I can't do Thursday. I could do Tuesday, Wednesday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um can't do Thursday.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could do I could do Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about on How about Tuesday?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Unless we'll be distracted by election results? Can we? Can we play dnd instead of obsessing about electoral results. Is that a good you to do it at the same time? Because that way it's just like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I I don't want to hear. You know what I mean. It's like. If I didn't have that, then you just be like watching the news obsessively, and then that's like the worst. You know
Eric Rosenbaum: I got it. Let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, great. Everybody.